IN today's world, everyone is busy. People are so occupied with their work that they have no or very little time for friends, family and other enjoyments of life. They have no time to enjoy nature and to travel. As a result, the number of cases of depression, stress and other stress related health issues have surged. Therefore, I do not agree with the statement that people spend too much time doing things they like and not what they should be doing. INstead, I feel that people are doing things that they should be doing but in the process they are not talking out time to enjoy.
First of all, with the amount of competition in every field, people are required to work to their full potential every minute. People work overtime and even on weekends. Added to the misery, in developping countries, with prices of commodities rising, people are forced to work more. As a result, they are spending less time on doing things they love. For example, Rohan is the only earning member of a family of 4 members. He works as an engineer and earns twenty thousand ruppees a month. He has two children, who go to school. Recently, the schools, where his children study, increased the fees by twenty fice percent. A s a result, now, Rohan has to work overtime and sometimes even on weekends to meet his expenses. THis has caused him to sacrifice on the time which he spent with his family. Now, he does not take out his children on weekends as he is too tired and worked out. This shows that clearly, people are spending too much time working and are spending less time in doing things they like.
Secondly, even children in school are constantly under stress. There are exams and tests every week and so due to their parents, children have to study every day for the exam. As a result, some students have stopped playing sports as their parents think that sports will drain out their energy and hence, they will not be able to study. IN this competitive world, students are sacrificing on things they like to do like playing or watching TV. I do not mean that students should not study. R	ather, I think that there should be a balnce between the studies and playing. Both the things are important for the overall development of a child.
While, the opposition may argue that people spend too much time on social media when they should actually be doing important things. This can be negated by the fact that socialising is equally important. The busy lifestyle of the people does not allow them to go and meet their loved ones. However, with help of technology, they can talk to them. Therefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that people should spend more time in doing things that they like. 
