A happy marriage is a dream of many people. HOwever, very few people achieve this goal. Romantic love is important for marriage but certainly not sufficient for a happy marriage. THerefore , I agree with the topic that romantic love is not an adequate basis for a happy marriage. Marriage requires trust, honesty , loyalty , respect and understanding. THese are the basic blocks of any successful married life in my opinion.
First of all, honesty is very crucial to any relationship. Be it friendship, parent-child relationship or a couple, honesty cannot be ignored. It is very important that people involved in any relationship are truthful towards each other. If people start lying to each other, it hurts the people involved in a relationship. For example,JOhn was married to Neha. After two years of marriage, he started lying to her and cheated on her. When Neha, came to know about it, she was devastated. She finally ended her marriage with JOhn. THis example also highlights the importance of layalty in a marriage. When people start living together, they become possessive towards each other. People become answerable and loyal towards each other.
SEcondly, respect is also crucial to any relationship not just marriage. As a human being, we all want to be respected. We want the respect we desrve. In any relationship also, it is important that your wishes and feelings are respected. If our partner does not respect us, we feel unwanted or undesired. THis affects the relationship in a negative way. People start looking for other avenues to get respect. For example, consider a couple Sam and Jane. They have been married for three years. BUt Sam does not respect Jane. He loves her but does not respect her feelings. He makes fun of her and also, he considers her dumb. INitially, Jane did not mind. But eventually, this started troubling her. She felt demeaned and unwanted. She did not feel happy in her marriage. So, evetually, she had to break her marriage with Sam. THis clearly illustrates the importance of respect in any relationship.
Finally, understanding between individuals involved in marraige is also crucial. In India, a number of poepl go ahead to do arrange marriage where parents search for a patner for their children. In such a situation, people do not know much about their partner before marrying them, So, it is very crucial for the people to be understanding. For example, after marriage, Neha finds out that her husband likes to drink hot water even in summers. She on the other hand, likes chilled water. Here, they both have to understand each other and be patient. They should not impose themselves on each other. Therefore, this shows that understanding is also an important block in any marriage.
While opposition may argue that love conquers everything and if love prevails, other problems do not matter.This may be true for movies or television series, however, in real life and in longrun, these things play an important role. Every individual deserves respect and honesty,these compnents are significant in any relationship. 
THerefore, in the light of the above evidences, romantic love is not adequate for a successful marriage.  
