Truth is an integral part of any relationship. A relationship built on the pillars of truth will last longer than a relationship based on lies. TRuth always unvelis itself and so if a relationship is not based on truth, in the end it hurts the people involved in the relationsghip. THerefore, I completely stand with the poeple who belive that truth is the most important part of any relationship.
First of all, if people involved in any relationship are truthful, one can trust each other. For example, Neha and Rohan are friends. It is very important that they both are honest to one another. It is important that Rohan is truthful to Neha and honestly points out her mistakes to her and correct her if she is going on a wrong path. And the same goes for Neha, she should be truthful to Rohan and honestly point out his flaws to him and help him correct them. This balance is very imporatnt in any relationship. If people are not honest, it will be impossible to trust them. For example, if Neha is not honest. So, when Rahul asks for her opinion on any decision, she may just lie to him. Let's say Rohan wants to start a new comapny, he trusts Neha and comes to her. He shares his idea with her and asks for her feedback. Neha find a big flae in his plan, but she feels that it will hurt Rohan and hides it from this. So, eventually Rohan's plan fails, he loses money and when, he learns that Neha knew about this, he is hurt and disappointed. He eventually breaks hhis friendship with her. IN another example, let us consider an organisation. The relationship between an organisation and it's clients should also be based on honesty. If an organisation launches a new product. T	he new product contains certain chemicals which may not be suitable for all skin types. HOwever, in order to make money, the company does not mention a disclaimer in it's adverstisements. SInce, people trust the brand, they end up buying the product. HOwever, few months later, customers start reporting cases of skin allergy and other diseases. People were shocked and disheartened as their trust was broken. They even filed a petition against the company and eventually the ciomapany was blacklisted in the market. Therefore, clearly, truth is the most important ingredient for any successful relationship. If trust is broken, it causes an imbalance in the relationship and eventually damages the people/ organistaion involved. In aother case, the relationship between a government and the people they serve should also be based on honesty. History presents many examples where whenever, any politician/government breaks the trust of the people or cheats on them, people do not elect them again in the next elections, especially in democratic countries. In a democratic counties people have the power to elect a government. People vote for the party whom they trust. However, if the elected government does not fulfill it's promises or involves in corruption. In such a senario, people do not elect them again. Therefore, trust is an inetgral part of relationship between a government and the people they serve.
Based on the evidences presented above, it is safe to conclude that truth is the most integral part of any relationship.  
