Friends are an integral part of our lives. They are our family. They help us in bad times, guide us when we go wrong and cheer us up when we are sad. They are the people we go to when we are having tough times.Therefore, it is important to have good friends who understand us and with whom we can share our deep secrets. Hence, according to me it is the quality of the friends matter rather than quantity. So, I do not agree wiuth the topic that it is better to have a lot of friends than just qa few friends. Instead, I think that it is better to have few good friends rather than having a large group of friends.
First of all, a large group of people will always have people disparte views and likings. It is very rare to have very close relation with all the people in the group. BIgger the people, it is more likely that people will differ a lot in opinion and taste. THis will cause difficulty in organising trips or aoutings as people will differ alot in their preferences. IT will be more difficult to come to consensus. iN short, there are more likely to be fights and disagreement. ON the contrary, when the friend circle is small, people are more likely to know each other better. This group will be quick at coming to a consenus. FOr example, ROhan has alot of friends. Last weekend, he wanted to go for a football match and so he asked his friends to join him. HOwever, some of his friends did not like footnball, some friends had some other plans and so, eventually only three of his friends agrred to go with him. Also, the process of asking everyone and convincing them to go was very timw consuming for Rohan. Similarly, in another example, he wanted to plan a birthday party for one of his friends. HE decided to ask his other friends about the restaurant they should go to for the birthday party. Since, some of his friends liked CHinese while some others prefered Indian food. THis lead to a disagreement among a few of his friends. And eventually, they did decide a restaurant but it was after bitter fights. Therefore, it is comparatively, easier to manage a small group of friends. Also, in a small group of friends, it is simpler to come to agreements and easier to plan parties or trips.
SAEcondly, fewer friends, help one to better understand their friends. FOr example, Neha has just two friends. As a result, she knows each and everything about them, what they like, what makes them angry and what makes them happy. All three of them share secrets and are really close to each other. On the contrary, Sasha has twenty friends. She does not know each one of them. When she meets all her friends, she can't interact with all of them. AT some meetings, she just talking to either one or two of them. As a result, she does not feel very close to any of them. THerefore, it is clearly better to have a few good friends than a very large group of friends.
While the opposition may argue that greater number of friends is better as atleast one friend is always available to party or for hanging out. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact that one may not be very close to every friend in a large group and hence, eventually one may not enjoy poartying or hanging out with them. Therefore, in the light iof the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that it is better to have a few good friends than a large number of friends.
