Success is a dream of many individuals. Everyone wants to be famous and make a lot of money. The things needed to achieve success may vary depending on the field or work. For example, for an artist it may be creativity, for a mathematicians, it may be logical thinking. THerefore, I do not agree with the topic that to be successful, one must be creative. I think it is more important that one is hardworking. Irrespective of the field of study, one must be hardworking in my opinion.
First of all, hardwork leads to success sooner or later. If a person works hard and works persistently towards in his/her goal, he/she will achieve it. When we work kard, we come across challenges. This motivates us to owrk even more and in this journey, we keep learning and improving ourselves. OUr concepts become better and we develop a deep understanding of whatever we are doing. For example, Sam wants to get full marks in his calculus paper. Achieving this target will be success for him. So, he starts studying for the exam. He studies day in and day out. He solves his entire Calculus book. He diligently studies each and every concept, and ever=tually achieves his goal. His journey of success shows he worked persistently for his goal and achieved it. Clearly, hardwork is very crucial to achieve success.
Secondly, creativity comes after hardwork. When we see a painting oif an artist, we are say "He is so creative. Such a beautiful concept.". But the artist could think of it only becuase he worked hard on other concepts. Before drawing this painting, he learnt tomake strokes with a brush. He worked hard in learning different artistic techniques, he even attended a painting school. IT was after years of hardwork, he could finally think of something creative. THis creativity is based on his years of work. Similarly, a scientist works on a problem for years. He reads everything about concepts related to the problem and he masters those concepts. He attends some online courses, reads books and enhances his knowledge. After all this work, a new idea strikes him and it leads to a new invention. People may prasie his creativity but it was actually his years of hardwork that lead him to success. In my view, an idea without hardwork may jus appear as a random thought. THerefore, clearly hardwork is very important to achieve success in any field and creativity comes after hardwork.
While opposition may argue that some random thoughts can lead to important ideas and discoveries. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact those ideas and thoughts can be applied or understood only if a person has great knowledge. For example, a scientist may get a random thought of including a varibale in Newton's equation. THis may be a revoluytionary idea. BUt he got this idea because he worked on Newton's law, he spent time understanding Newton's equations. Clearly, it was his hardwork that lead him to this thought. Therefore, in the light of the above evidemnces, it is safe to conclude that to be successful, it is not necessary to be creative.
