Technology and internet have transformed our lives. Computers, laptops and smart phones have become an integral part of our day to day lifes. They have made tasks like bill payment, staying in touch and socialising way easier that they used to be before. So, I clearly agree with the people who believe that computers have made our lives easier and convienent.
First of all, with computers and internet, distance is no longer an obstacle. People in different continents and time zones, still feel close to their loved ones. Whenever, they miss their loved ones, they can just make a video call. Voideocall enables one to see the person while talking. This saves money, time and energy. Initially, people used to travel long distances to interact with their dear ones. BUt now, they can interact with a click of a button.  Therefore, clearly, computers have made our lifes easiers and convienct and also, less expensive.
Secondly, computers allow one to be more social. In today's world, everyone is busy. IT is diifcult to meet friends daily. However, with apps like WhatsApp, Facebook and HIke in our computers, we are always near our friends. WE can message them whenever we are free and chat with them. Also, remebering birthdays and anniversaries has become a lot more easier. One can save important dates on the computer and can be reminded on those days. This shows how internet and computers have made our lifes easier and has made us more social.
THirdly, with computers we can pay our phone bill, electricity bills by sitting in office or home. One just has to press a few buttons and voila, the bills are paid. Earlier, without computers, people had to visit electricity department and pay the money. THere used to be long quese at the departments. After waiting for hours, people would manage to pay their bills. THis was time consuming process. HOwever, this has turned into a very simple task with help of a computer.
Additionally, shopping has also become very easy with computers. In earlier days, people would wait for holidays to go the market and shop for groceries and clothes. However, with computers, one can use applications like Amazon, Flipkart and Myntra. THese applications allow one to shop from anywhere. One can search for items, lookout for deals and pro=ices and order the goods they require. THese alow delivery to one's place and hence, saves money and energy of a person. Clearly, internet has transformed our lifes for good.
While opposition may argue that people are becoming lazyt because of computers. THis can be negated by the fact that computer is saving our time and hence allowing us to do more important tasks.For example, the time save in going to the market, can now be utilised in doing other things like reading a book or cleaning the house. THerefore, it is safe to conclude that computers have made our lifes easier and more convienet. 
