Government of any country plays an important role in shaping the lives of the people living in that countrty. GOvernment is responsible to make laws to protect the poepl of the country. HOwever, government should not spoon feed the poeple. GOvernment should motivate the poeple to workhard and achieve whatever they want. Government should not give them with things that they lack for free. THerefore, I stand with the people who do not agree with the topic that government should provide the poor and homeless with houses. Instead, government shpould provide them means like education, job opportunities so that they can earn it for themselves. THis will make them value these things more.
First of all, government should not spoon feed people. GIving home to poor and homeless for free will not moticate them to work hard. INstead, it may demotivate others who are working very hard and still can't afford a house. For example, consider Neha. She works in office and just earns a meager amount of 100 dollars a month. She stays in a shabby hostel and this money helps her to pay for groceries. She motivated to workhard to get a promotion and earn more money. She dreams to buy a house for herself with the money. HOwever, if government provides houses to poor for free, without any hardwork, this will be very unfair for her. IT will demotivate her to workhard. Some poor people do not work, they just sleep on the streets and beg for food. Giving a house to them for free will not encourage them to work hard. Instead, they will get a free ride on the tax-payer's money.
The government should instead provide them training in skills that can help them find a job. THis will be beneficial in the long run. These poor homeless people will become competent and start making oney. This will make them capable of earning more and improving their living conditions. They can lern skills like carpentry, changing tires or gardening. They can work in houses and earn hourly wages. THis will help them pay for their daily expenses. Also, government should start with schemes to provide education to their children. THis will ensure a bright future for their children and in turn, will improve their lives. The government should takes steps to empower them and motivate them to work hard. Providing them with free houses or grocieries will not solve any problem in the long run. IT is possible that of government provides them with houses now, they will require something else for free later. Therefore, clearly, government should not [provide free housing to the poor and homeless.
While, the opposition may argue that this will help the poor and homeless. They will feel that government cares for them. HOwever, in the long run, it will not help the people. IT will make them more lazy. WHile, it is okay for government to give them incentives like discount on house prices. HOwever, giving them houses for free is certainlty not a solution tro the problem. Therefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to cobnclude that government should not give freee housing to poor and homeless. 
