Hardwork is the key to success. Persistence and hardwork can help one to achieve everything he/she wants. Creative is important but not a necessary condition for sucess. HOwever, hardwork is very crucial to success. THerefore, do not agree with the topic that to be successful at work or school, we must be creative. CReativity can be developped by persistence and hardwork
First of all, hardwork can lead to succeess in majority of fields. Consider subjects like Mathematics. In such subject, different formulas and concepts can be lerant only be practice and hardwork. If one does not practice consiistently, hemight easily forget what he/she did a few days back. Constanly working hard, we imprint the concepts in our minds and increase our knowledge. A creativity in such a senario can help in discovery of short cut to solve a problem or it may lead to new approach in solving a particular solution. HOwever, here creativity will be a result of hardwork one had put in learning other concepts. THerefore, clearly hardwork is the most important ingredient for success. In another example, let's consider arts. For a person to become a successfull artist, he/she first starts by practicing new techniques. He/she masters the strokes of the brush and learns to use them properly. This requires alot of practice and hardwork. After years of practice and hardwork, an artist may then start using representing his creativity with help of these techniques. IT is the hardwork, that has brought himm to this stage. Now, all mastered techniques can be used to paint his new thoughts. He will use his learnt knowledge to develop new ideas and be more creative. It s the hardwork, that leads one to more creativity. THerefore, certainly, hardwork and practice are very imprtant for success in school or work. 
While opposition may argue creative ideas can lead to innovative ideas in the field of arts and science. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact that creative and innovative ideas come to a person when he has worked very hard on the basics of the subject. Consider, Ramanujam. He used to study for hours, he would practice mathematical concepts for hours at a stretch. So, eventually, after all the hardwprk and practice, he started getting new ideas to approach a problem. This lead to discovery of new mathematical concepts. So, it was his hardwork that lead him to a state where his creative mind could lead to new discovery. Without hardwork, creative ideas may be just random thoughts.
Therefore, in the light of the above evidences, hardwork is more important than creativity in bringing success in work or school. 

 
