Cellphones have become a part and parcel of urban life. Every person, irrespective of age and gender, has a cell phone. Adults have cellphones to keep udated with office work. They use cell phones to check emails and stay connected with friends. The parents give their children cellphones for security purposes. Cellphones help they know where their cildren are. However, children tend to get distracted from their studies because of mobile phones. Hence, I do not stand with the people who believe that parents shuld give cellphones to their children. ACcording to me, the cellphones are doing more harm than benefit to the children and hence, parents should not give cell phones to their children.
FIrst of all, all the cell phones have access to internet. INternet allows one to keep applications like Whatsapp, Facebook on their mobile phones. THese apps can be very distracting. Imagine a student deligiently working on his assignment. And suddenly, his phones buzzes with a notification from Facebook. He will be tempted to go the application and see the comment. THis in turn, will lead him to chat with his friends and go through the profile pages of his friends. IN short, the student will end up wasting time. An assignment which was meant to be finished in just two hours will now take an entire day. Therefore, parenst should not give cell phones to their children. In another example, student may be tempted tpo look for nswers for his assignment online. He might feel lazy to work and just copy the answers available on the internet. For example, Rohan had a History assignment deadline approaching. He found HOistory very boring. SO, he just googled the answers to the questions and copied the answers to his assignment. So, in this case, Rohan did not learn anything from his assignment. Additionally, cellphone allowed him to indulge in plagiarism and cheating. With easy access to internet, the cases of cheating and plagiarism has increased drastically. SO, clearly, giving cellphone to children will make them more vulnerable to unethical activities like cheating and will also reduce their creative thinking.
While, opposition may argue that cellphones are essential for safety of students and it may also provide them an opportunity to study beyond their textbook. THis can be negated by the view that in the longrun cellphones introduces many distractions in the lives of the student.As for security, parents can give them cellphones only when students go out and not everyday. Also, as for accessing online material, a personal computer can be a better alternative, which should also be used for a limited duration in a day. IN the light of the eveidences presented above, it is ssafe to conclude that parents should not give cell phones to their children. 
