The author of the passage and the lecturer talk about the 'Let it burn' policy. THe author of the passage argues that the 'Let it burn' policy did alot of damage to the park's vehetation and trees in case of YEllowstone fire and hence, the policy should not be continued. HOwever, the lecturer does not agree. He thinks that this policy brings new opportunity for the plants and animals in the region and hence should be continued.
First, the author of the passage asserts that the Yellowstone fire caused alot of damage to plants and trees in the region. The rea had transformed into a wasteland after the fire and hence the policy should be discontinued. HOwever, the lecturer, on the other hand, asserts that yellowstone fire paved way for new vegetation. THe sorched areas were replaced by newer vegetaion and this in turn, made the area more diverse in terms of veegetation.He cites an example that seeds of some plants require extremely high temperature before germination, these plants can now grow in the affected region. 
Secondly, the author of the passage contends that widlife of the region was highly affected by the yellowstone fire. Many of animals flee to different regions. However, the lecturer presents points to counter this statement. He mentions that population of yellowstione soon recovered and gave new opportunities to the animals of the region. According to the lecturer, some food chains became stronger in the region. For example, if rabits and hairs came to the region, they attracted their predators to the region. This way, new food chains appeared.
Finally, the author of the passage points out that due to Yellowstone fire, tourists avoided vosting the region. As a result, the local ecoonomy suffered. However, the lecturer does not agree with this point. He mentions that tourusts avoided the region in the year when fire broke out but people visited the following years.HE also mentions that fire does not occur every year. The conditions in 1889 were very unique-the rain patters, the weather condtions lead to the fire. Since, the fire is not annual therefore, the tourisxrm will not be affected as it was claimed by the author off the passage.
IN conclusion, the lecturer effectively counters each and every point mentuoned by trhe author of the passage.  
