The author of the passage believes that using computerized voting systems over traditional paper based system will be adavatageous. The author points out multiple advatages of switching from paper based voting to computerised voting. However, the lecturer, on the other hand, challenges the ppoints presented by the author. The lecturer feels that switching to computerized voting will not be pragmatic.
First of all, author of the passage asserts that compuers are safer than paper ballots.He believes that people can easily add paper based votes and finds compuerized voting a much safer option. HOwever, the lecturer challenges this view. The lecturer feels that computerised voting can be equally dangerous. He points out that since voting will be conducted on internet, it is prone to cyber attacks. It is possible that a hacker may attack the voting system and if the hacker is biased, he may easily add or substract votes of any particular party. For example, a hacker supports a particular party, spo inorder to make that party win, he may add thousands of votes in favour of that party in the database of the computerised system. This will render the computer based voting inaccurate and unreliable. This shows that compuerised voting will not be as safe as claimed by the author of the passage.
Secondly, the author of the passage contends that computerized voting system is more affordable. However, the lecturer does not agree on this point. He feels that establishing computers and internet will be very expensive. An infrastructure for computers, which may include labs and internet wiring, and also people will have to be trained to use computers. The cost of establishing computer labs and also training individuals will prove to be an expensive activity for the government. Additionally, if a country is large in size and internet facility is not available in a particular regiomn, it can lead to an additional cost by the government.
Finally, the author of the passage mentions about votes lost in the paoer based voting system. He points out how sometimes, the name of perty written on the paper is illegible and hence, the vote is thrown away. He thinks that this can be prevented in a computer based system which has a database. However, the lecturer challenges this point as well. The lecturer highlights that it is possible to lose votes in a computerised voting system as well. If the computer fails or the machinery breaks down, thousands of votes can be lost in a fraction of second. 
Therefore, in conclusion, the lecturer effectively challengs every point presented by the author of the passage.
