The author of the passage claims that the zebra mussel, which has now reached North America, is unstoppable in it's invasion. THe author thinks that zebra mussels will not only dominate it's new habitat but will also pose a threat to the original fresh water habitants of the region. However, the lecturer presents points and evidences that show that the zebra mussel population can be controlled and may even have a positive impact on the population of the habitat.
First of all, the author of the passage asserts that the mussels cannot be stopped from dominating the new region. The author cites examples from history to support this. He says that mussel got carried through ballast water in the past. However, the lecturer counters this point by saying that mussels succeed in dominating  the region because people did not have sufficient knowledge to stop them. HOwever, now it is possible to stop them. For example, the ships that carry mussels in ballast water, should not empty the ballast in the waters of North America. This can prevent the spread of mussels from on area to another. Also, exposing mussels to sea salt can kill them. This can be another way of controlling the population of mussels.
Secondly, the author of the passage contends that the mussels can dominate their new habitat. They have high rate of reproduction and have no predators, and hence can quickly dominate their new region. However, points presented by the lecturer cast a doubt on this claim. THe lecturer points out that though mussels may not have predators in the beginning. But, with time, predators like birds may discover them. The birds may switch from whatever they were eating before and may start feeding on mussels. The birds will consume mussels in large numbers and will keep a check on their population.
Finally, the author of the passage mentions that the infusion of mussel will cause a decrease in the population of the freshwater fishes in the region. This is because the freshwater fishes and mussels will be competing for food. However, according to the lecturer this is not true. The lecturer thinks that they might have a negative impact on some fishes but it will mostly have a positive impact on the fish population in the region. The mussels release protiens and nutrients in water, which will be beneficial for fishes in the region. THerefore, clearly, infusion of ,mussels in the water will also have a positive impact on the fishes in the region. 
