The author of the passage and the lecturer are talking about the settlements of Chaco Canyon in New Mexico. The author of the passage presents three competing theories about how the buildings were used during 12th century A.D.. However, the lecturer does not find these theories convincing.
First of all, the author of the passage asserts that according to one theory, Chaco structures were used for residential purposes. However, the lecturer does not agree to this theory. He feels that even though the buildings may appear residential from outside but the interior of the building does not imply that structures were used for this purpose. The lecturer points out that the interior of the Chaco structures has few fire places. Only ten families can be supported by the fire places present inside the structures. Therefore, it is not possible for the structure to provide residence to about thousands of people.
Secondly, the author of the passage mentions about the second theory which states that may be the Chaco structures were used for storing food supplies like grain maize. However, the lecturer challenges this argument. He asserts that this theory is not supported by any evidence. He points out that the evacation has not discovered any maize remains or maize containers in the structures. If the theory, were true, there would be some evidence about grain maize .Therefore, according to the lecturer, the building was not used for any storing food supplies.
Finally, the author of the passage discusses another theory. According to this theory, the Chaco structures were used for ceremonial purposes. However, the lecturer challenges this opinion. He reveals that the interior of the building had remains of materials like sand, stones and other construction materials. Therefore, according to the lecturer, Chaco structures are likely to be a trash can for the laborers who worked. According to lecturer,the Chaco structures are less likely to be used for ceremonial purposes and more likely to be used by construction labours for throwing trash.
In conclusion, the lecturer effectively challenges each and every argument presented by the author of the passage.
