THe reading the lecturer atalk about the advantages and disadvantages a four day week. THe author of the reading thinks that a four day week will be ebeneficial for the company, eceomony and the employee. However, the lecturer does not agree to this.
FIrst of all, the author of the reading states that a four day week will benefit the company and will lead to an increase in profit. He believes that in a four day work week, employee will be rested and more alert, therefore work efficiently. However, the lecturer challenges this view. The lecturer states that companies might end up spending more. The company might have to hire new employees. So, it will have to spend money on training the employees. Also, medical insurance and infrastructure for new emploees will lead to a decrease in profit.
SEcond, the reading mentions that a four week plan will encourage comapnies to hire more employees. THis in turn, will lead to improve eceonomic conditions. HOwever, the lecturer does not agree to this. According to him, hiring is an expensive process for a company. Hence, a company wpould rather prefer to ask it's employees to work overtime. It many also increase expectations from it's employees like it may ask employees to finish the work of five day work in just four days. IN such a senario, more employees will not be hired and eceonomic condition will not improve. 
Finally, the reading asserts that a four day week will provide an indivial an opportunity to spend more quality time with friends and family. However, the lecturer challenges this view. He thinks that a four day week plan chosen by an employee can increase risk in his life. He/she might face decrease in job stability. The companies will choose or prefer employees who work five days a week. The five day employee will be preferred for promotions over a four day per week employee. Also, four day employees will be the first ones to lose their job in case of economic instability. THerefore, in lecturer's opinion, a four day employee will have a more unstable and risk prone live and these factors will reduce his quality of life.
THe lecturer efficiently challenges each and every point presented by the author of the passage.  
