THe author of the passage and the lecturer are both talking about a painting. There are doubts about whether this paqinting was a creation of REmbrandst or not. THe author of the passage thinks that the painting was not created by Rembstradt. While, the lecturer feels the opposite to be true.
FIrst of all, the author of the passage points out the inconsistency in the dressing style of the woman in the painting. The woman is wearing a cap which was worn by servants. Additionally,s he is also wearing an expensive coat. Since, the REmbs paid close attention to deatils, the author of the passage feels that it was not his creation. HOwever, the lecturer reveals evidences that do not support this argument. The lecturer mentions about the X ray test and analysis conducted on the painting. These tests reveqaled that the coat was actually added many years after the painting was made. THe lecturer mentions that may be the coat was added to increase the monetory value of the painting.
SEcondly, the author of the passage contends that R as a master of light and shadow. HE points out an inconsistency in this style in the painting and uses this fact to conclude that painting is not REmbrandst's creation. HOwever, the lecturer challenges this opinion. THe lecturer mentions that before the colloar was added, the woman wore a light coloured simple coat. THis light colored coat reflected light on the face of the woamn. This ensures that light and shadow were taken care by the artist. SO, according to the lecturer, the painting belongs to R.
FInally, the author of the passage points out that the panel in the background of the painting was made of pieces of wood glued together. And, since, REmbrandst did not use this style in his painting, the painting is less likely to be his creation. HOwever, lecturer does nort agree to this. THe lecturer reveals that when fur coat was added to the painting, at the same time, inorder to increase the value of painting, the panel in the background was changes. Further, the wood used for making the panel was from the same tree, which was used by REmbrandst for his painting. Therefore, lecturer feels that the painting was a creation of REmbrandst.
In conclusion, the lecturer effectively challenges each and every point made by the author of the passage.
