THe author of the passage highlights the benefits of working in a team. The author asserts that the best way to approach a project in any organisation is to arrange people into teams. THe author then goes on to higlight the advantages of this method. HOwever, the lecturer presents a case when this approach failed in an organisation. The lecturer points out the possible flaws in the scheme.
First of all, the passage mentions that a team brings together people with different ideas and skills. Hence, this helps the team to come up with creative solutions to a problem or issue. HOwever, the lecturer asserts that the members may be so diverse that it takes lot of meetings to come to a consensus in a team. For example, some people may want to go ahead with one idea but other group of people may not prefer it. THis in turn, will causes a lot of delay i9n the project.
Secondly, the author of the passage contends that working in a team can be very rewarding for the menbers of the team. The members of the team will see their work recognised. However, the case prrsented by the lecturer reveals that it may have an opposite impact on the members. The lecturer introduces the problem of a free-rider. He says that some members of the team may work too hard while some may not put any effort. Yet, in the end, the people who did not work hard, also get the credit and recognition. This can be demotivating for the people who worked hard for the project. For example, in a team project, Neha worked day and night on the project to get a high grade in class. However, her teammate Priya relaxed and did not work hard enough for the project. When Neha worked for the project, he played games. Eventually Neha got tired of his attitude and with deadline around the corner, Neha decided to finish his share of workl as well. Neha did get an A for her project but so did Rohan. This made Neha feel less recognised as credit was given to booth Neha and Raghul. And, in fact, if a project failed, the blame will be equally shared by everyone even though it failed due to the mistake of one particular individual.
Finally, the author of the passage mentions that in a team, people take decisions together. HOwever, the lecturer highlights the possibilty that some members of the team may become too influential. For example, a particular person may just convinvce others towards his/her project even if it is not a great idea. So, even if some members of the group warn against the idea, they may be ignored and idea may be accepted. IN the long run, it may even kead to failure of the project. 
