The author of the passage and the lecturer are talking about space tourism. According to the author of the passage, space tourism conducted by private companies will have multiple benefits. However, the lecturer does not agree with this view.
First of all, the author of the passage asserts that private space travel will bring down the cost of space travel. The cost of technology will decrease, which in turn will bring down the cost of flight. However, the lecturer challenges this view. He points out that starting space tourism would require setting up air traffic control systems. These systemns will be essential to avoid collision between flights. Also, before sending flights to space, testing will be required, which will also be very expensive. So, these infrastructure requirements will add to the cost and hence, the cost of the space travel will not decrease.
SEcondly, the reading mentions that private space travel will cause discoveries and innovations to occur at a faster rate. HOwever, the professor does not agree with this statement. He thinks that on the contrary, it will delay discovery. He feels that private companies will draw scientist and engineers to work for them by paying them handsome salaries. So, eventually, engineers and scientists may leave government work and may work commercially. THerefore, space privatised tourism will not accelerate discovery and innovation as claimed by the author of the passage.
Finally, the author of the passage contends that private space tourism will raise funds from ticket sales and will reduce the burden from tax payers. However, in professor's opinion, this is not true. According to him, the huge costs will be involved in building the space infrastructure like air traffic control systems and testing. Their construction will not be possible without government subsidies and tax paid by the people. Therefore, tax payers will have to bear the cost of space travel and might even have to pay more tax.
In conclusion, the lecturer effectively challenges each and every point mentioned by the author of the reading. 
