The author of the passage and the lecturer are talking about a recently discovered painting. The author of the passage believes that the painting is an early work of James McNeil Whistler. However, the lecturer does not agree to this statement. He thinks that the painting does not belong to Whistler.
First, the author of the passage asserts that the new painting was included in an exhibition in London by a close friend of Whistler. So, according to author of passage, this supports that this painting was by Whistler. However, the lecturer challenges this opinion. He mentions that even though the painting appears similar to Whistler's famous painting and was even presented by his close friend, this is not a strong enough evidence to conclude the authorship of the painting. HE points out that exhibition in LOndon included the work of many artists and not just Whistler. THerefore it is possible that it is the work of some other artist.
Secondly, the author of the passage mentions that the woman in the painting closely resemebles the woman in the Whistler's famous painting "Symphony in White" . THerefore, he asserts that painting belongs to Whistler. However, lecturer does not agree to this statement. The lecturer mentions that the woman in the Whistler's famous painting became very popular after the launch of Whistler's "Symphony in White". The woman became a popular model and was used by many artists at that time. Also, the use of monochromatic style was a popular stlye at that time. THerefore, according to the lecturer, it is highly possible that the painting was created by some other artist. 
Finally, the author of the passage contends that the painting consists of a small butterfly in the left corner of the painting. He reveals that Whistler made butterfly on his paintings and therefore, according to him, the painting under question belonged to Whistler. However, the lecturer challenges this evidence. He points out that butterfly made by Whistler was very different in terms of shape and colour, in comparison to the butterfly draw on the recently discovered painting. In fact, the positioning of the butterfly is different from the position on which Whistler used to place the butterfly. Therefore, according to the lecturer, the recent painting appears to be a forgery rather than an actual painting by Whistler.
To conclude, the lecturer effectively challenges each and every point mentioned by the author of the passage. 
