The author of the passage and the lecturer are talking about a human manufactured chemical DDT. The author of the passage claims that DDT is harmful for human beings and environment. HOwever, the lecturer asserts that DDT is actually beneficial to human race.
First of all, the author of the passage contends that DDT is hazardous to the environment. It's ingestion can kill animals and plants. However, the lecturer points out that DDT is harmful only when consumed in large quantities. When DDT is consumed in small quantities it is not harmful but when consumed in large quantities it can cuase impairment in animals. In small quantities it can kill harmful insects that harm the plants and keeps a check on the population of such harmful insects.
SEcondly, the author of the passage mentions that DDT harms humans whwn human beings consume food that is sprayed by DDT chemical. HOwever, the lecturer does not agree to this pooint. According to the lecturer DDT is harmful only when consumed in large quantities and moderately hazardous when consumed in small quantities. The lecturer also poinyts out that studies of DDT causing cancer and other harmful diseases are inconclusive. So, according to the lecturer DDT is not as harmful as claimed by the author of the passage.
Finally,  author of the passage asserts that DDT failed to effectively kill mosquitoes and as a result, diseases like malaria are still prevalent. However, the lecturer does not agree to this argumnet. He mentions that DDT has killed insects and has successfully wiped out many diseases like malaria. He mentions that later on malaria mosqiotes developed resistant to DDT but initially it was successful. He cites the example of Sri Lanka, which was at one time, had 80000 cases of malaria. WIth DDT, this number came down to just 17 cases. This example shows that DDT was successfull in stopping a disease and it's use proved to be beneficial.
In conclusion, the lecturer effectively refutes each and every point mentioned by the author of the passage.
