THe author of the reading and the lecturer talk about the impact of a four days a week policy on the economy. The author of the reading contends that it will be beneficial for the individual companies as well as for the employees. However, the lecturer does not agree to this.
First of all, the reading claims that a four day week will help a company in increasing it's profit. WIth a four day week, the employees will be more rested and alert. So, the employees will work efficiently and help increase the company's profit. The lecturer does not agree to this opinion. He thinks that the company will have to hire more employees to get the work done.  Also, hiring new employees will lead to additional costs like training of employees and health benefits. Additionally, more office space and computers will be required for the new employees. Therefore, the lecturer thinks that these costs will prevent the companies from increasing their profits. Hence, the four days work a week policy will not be beneficial for the company.
Secondly, the author of the passage thinks that unemployment rate will reduce with four days a week policy. The companies will have to hire one employee for every four employees who choose the four days a week plan.  However, the lecturer challenges this opinion. He thinks that hiring an employee may be very expensive for a company. SO, the companies may raise their expectation from the employees. They may ask their employees to work overtime or complete the five day work in just four days. He thinks that in this way, the unemployment rate will not decrease. Instead, the working conditions will also deteoriate for the employees.
Finally, the author of the passage mentions that employees who choose the four days a week policy will lead a better life. They will get to spend quality time with their family. However, the lecturer challenges this statement. HE thinks that there will be some risks for the employees who take the policy and these risks will reduce their quality of life. He mentions that employees who choose the four days a week plan may be the first ones to loose their job in times of economic crises, further they may not be preferred for promotions. Their jobs may become unstable. Therefore, in lecture's view, choosing the plan will not help employees in improving their life's quality.
