The author concludes that since Tobor Technologies's introduction of insurance plan and a counseling program for employees help reduce absenteesims in Torbor Technologies, therefore Diord Corp can achieve similar results by implementing a similar plan. While the argument may appear true but it rife with holes and assumptions, and hencem, it does not justify the author 's conclusion that implementing an insurance and counseling program similar to Torbor technolgies will help reduce absenteesism.
First of all, author assumes that the stragem that worked for Torbor Technologies will work for Dirod Corp as well. Howvere, it may be possible that in Torbor, there were more employees suffering from mental illness but employees in Diord do not suffer from mental illness. It is also possible that people in Diord suffered from physical illness instead of mental illness. Or maybe there was other cause for more leaves like allergy to dust and so on. In all such situations, the implementaion of insurance for mental illness or hiring a counsellor will not ameliorate the situation. Hence, this fact underlies the author's conclusion. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide more information about how are the employees of the two corporation are similar, health status of the employees of both the companies.
Secondly, author assumes that decline in the number of sick days used by Torbor Technologie's employees was due to the introduction of insurance plan and counseling program. However, this may not be true. These is a possiblilty that emplyees was sick due to a season flu and as the season changed, the illness disappeared. Or maybe, the employees became immune to a virus which caused previous illness. Also, may be the employees took leave due to bad food served at the corporation's mess and it was improvement is the food quality that lead to the decline in the number of sick days used by the employees. Additionally, there is no evidence that employees actually made use of the insurance plan or went to the counsellor to convey that it was the plan that lead to a decrease in the nuber of sick days. These facts weaken the author's conclusion that implementing an insurance and counseling program similar to Torbor technolgies will help reduce absenteesism.Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide information about the exact reason for the decline in the number of sick days and provide evidence for the same.
Third of all, author mentions that the sick days used by the employees in Tobor technologies decreased by 10% after implementing the new plan. However, we do not know the actual increase. There is a possibility that initially emplyees took 300 leaves and a reduction of 30 leaves may sound promising. However, it may be possible that employees took just 10 leaves, in this case there is a reduction of just of 1 leave. Here, implementing the plan and hiring a counsellor may not appear pragmative. This fact weakens the author's conclusion that implementing an insurance and counseling program similar to Torbor technolgies will help reduce absenteesism.INorder to bolster the argument, author should the exact figures of the number of sick days before implenting the plan and how the number changed after implementing the plan. 
After examining all the different angles  of the argument, the author is not justified in his conclusion that introduction of an insurance and counseling program similar to Torbor technolgies will help reduce the number of sick days used by it's employees. While, the argument does highlight a possibility, more informantion is needed to warrant any action.
