Undoubtedly, government funding is crucial for scientific research.Similarly,scientific research is important for a country for it brings new innovations : mobiles, internet, hybrid crops,cure for diseases, are the outcomes of scientic discovery. Clearly,  research plays a major role in advancing a nation and governemnt funds are important to sustain research. Hence, in such a senario I stand with the people who disagree that government funding should be based on the consequences of the research. The outcomes of a research are not certain and hence, governemnt should not solely decide funding based on the consequenes. Infact, governemnt should consider different factors and allow researchers to explore as much as they can.
First of all, research is based on experiments and it is not possible to predict the outcome of the research before performing multiple experiments.In the process of making a discovery, sientists perform many experiments, but only very few of them result in ground breaking results. For example, Edison conducted thousands of experiemnts before discovering a bulb. After many failures and years of experiments, he discovered an electric bulb. However, if the government funding was based on the clarity of consequences, which were not clear to Edison,bulb would not have been discovered. Also, hostory presents many examples in which big discoveries were made accidentally. For example, Newton notices an apple falling. In another example, Percy Spencer was working with the microwave, which at that time was not used for culinary purposes. He felt a sensation in pants and found that chocolate bar in his pocket had melted. It then occurred to him that microwave could be used for kitchen purposes and lead to the discovery of microwave oven.Another example could be of the accidental discovery of artificial sweetner. Constantin Fahlberg was working at a laboratory at John Hopkins University, when he paused to eat. He forgot to wash his hands before eating and observed a sweet flavour during his meal. He found out that it was due to sacchrine and lead to discovery of artificial sweetner.
SEcondly, government funding should be based on a problem statement chosen by the scientists. And to evaluate the problem statement, governemt should consider different parameters like how relevant is the problem to the country, how will it help the citizens of the country, can solving this problem help in solving some other problem and other similar questions. So, given a problem statement governemnt officials should consider, ifthe problem chosen by the scientist has the potential to  provide a solution for increasing farm yields or may be finding a cure to a chronic disease, such projects should be given funding. This is because if scientists come up with a solution to the above mentioned problem, all the money spent on funding will be worth it. THerefore, government should not solely decide funding based on the consequences of the scientific research but rather they should evaluate the potential of the problem statement chosen by the scientists.
THerefore, it is not possible to predict the consequence/outcome of an experiement before it is actually performed. Hence, it will not be pragmatic, to decide funding based on the consequences of the research.
While the opposition may argue that... THis can be negated by the fact that .. IN the light of the evidence presented above, it is safe to conclude that 
