The concludes that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity. While the arguement may appear true but it is rife with holes and assumptions and does not support author's conclusion that Diord Corp. should change it's current policies similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity.
First of all, author assumes that the insurance policy and counselling program that worked for Torbor Technologies will work for Diord Corp as well. However, it may be possible that employees of Diors were taking leave for physical reasons and not mental issues. This fact underlies the author's conclusion that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism. Inorder to bolster his argument, author should provide more information about how employees of the two companies are similar.
Secondly, author mentions that after implementing the new policy in Torbor Technologies, the number of sick days used by employees decreased by 10%. It may be possible that there were 1000 sick days offered by the company, in that case, the program may sound pragmatic but if there were just 30 days, it may not be viable. This fact weakens the author's conclusion that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide more information about the about the number of sick days given to the emplyee in Torbor Technologies.
Third of all, author assumes that the 10% decline in the sick days used by the employees is due to the new policy. However, it may be possible that it may be due to some other reason like, the employees became more health conscious and started eating healthy or they joined some exercise group to saty healthy and fit. THis fact undermines author's conclusion that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity.
Inorder to bolster his argument, author should provide details about reason for decrease in sick days Torbor Technologies.
Additionally, author mentions that in Diord Corp, there has been an increase in the number of sick days in past two years and hence the corporation should implementing changes in their insurance plans. But, author provides no information about the possible reasons for the increase in the number of sick days. It may be possible that employees were unwell due to physical reasons or may be there was a flu in the city, and not due to mental illness. Also, author mentions that implemeting the plan will also lead to an increase in the productivity. HOwever, it is possible that, even when employees are healthy, they may not be productive. This fact weakens the author's conclusion that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide more information about the reasons for the increase in the sick days and also how the current plan, if implemented, will lead to an increase in the productivity.
After examining all the different angles of the argument, the author is not justified in the conclusion that Diord Corp. should introduce an insurance plan and counselling program similar to Torbor Technologies inorder to reduce employee absenteesism and cause an increase in productivity. While, it highlights a possibilty, more information is needed to warrant any action.
