Young people should be encouraged to pursue long-term, realistic goals rather than seek immediate fame and recognition.

Young people are future citizens of our country. They are full of energy and enthusiam. It is important to channelize their energy and focus in the right direction. If directed in the right area, they may reach great heights and contribute to the development of the nation. Therefore, I completely stand with the people who agree that young people should be encouraged to pursue long term, realistic goals rather than immediate fame and recognition. An immediate fame may act as a distraction and prevent them from achieving their long term goals.
First of all, it is important for the young generation to think about their long term goals. Any student who is in college or high schools, should be encouraged to think about questions like: Where do I want myself ten years down the line? WHat should be my long term goal? Will this goal make me happy? Will this help me in giving back something to the society/nation? These questions can help students identify their goals and give them a direction to work in. Without a direction, they may blindly follow others around them. And, doing so may even bring them recognition and fame but it will not bring happiness and distraction. Also, it may be possible that they may end up in a field or stream of study that they are not much interested in. In such a senario, they will have to start all over again to achieve their actual goals. These conditions can be precluded if a student is encouraged to think about his/her long term goals.For example, a student decides that he wants to become a doctor. He can start putting extra effort in Biology course and even study a little bit beyond the textbook. He takes out time to interact with his neighbour Sam, who is a doctor. He discusses with Sam about the preparation required for getting into a medicne school and prepares accordingly. This way, his long term goals helps his stay focused. However, in another senario, consider John. He is a student, he has no idea about what he wants to do in his life. HE just follows what his friends are doing. He took up Science courses because his friends took the same courses. He participated in an olympiad just like friends. He worked hard and cracked the olypiad. He scored the highest marks in the Plympiad, so all his teachers and friends praised him. However, years later, he realised that his actual interest was in literature. As a result, he had to drop out of science college and then join literature classes. Here, due to not pre-planning his long-term goals in advance, John ended up going in the wrong direction. THis caused him loss of money and energy.
Additionally, a long term goal makes one stronger in the sense that they are not affected by small failures. It develops an attitude that there are many paths to reach the same goal, if one path fails, there are many others awaiting them. A person who pre-plans takes decision after keeping in mind the end result. So this way, deciding the long term goals in advance can help develop a positive attitude  and makes one better prepared for challenges. 
While opponents may argue that planning in advance can prevent one from exploring the different streams or subjects. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact that students should be encouraged to pursue a long term goal only after a certain age, when they have seen all courses and know which subject intrigues them. So, after planning, they can focus on their goal. THerefore, in the light of the above evidences it is safe to conlude that young people should be encouraged to pursue long-term, realistic goals rather than seek immediate fame and recognition.
