
The topic introduces a controverstail issue whether students should be encouraged to take subjects interest them or subjects which lead to jobs. I generally disagree that students should take courses that lead to jobs and hence argue that students should be encouraged to take subjects according to their interest.
First of all, the job market is always fluctuating. It may be possible that subjects that are considered to be in demand by the comapnies may become obsolete in the coming years. Hence, it is important to choose subjects that interests a students. Let's us consider a student X, she took a course on Java to get a job in a company.  The subject of Java did not interest her otherwise. She joined the company but later on, the company stopped using that technology. 

Secondly, interest is long lasting. If students do courses related to a job, there are chances that they may get bored with their job very soon. For example, Neha joined a company X based on a course she undertook at the university. This course did not interest her, after 2 years of work, Neha was frustated by her work and left the company to pursue her interest. Hence, students should be encouraged to take subjects according to their interest.

Thirdly, students are encouraged to take courses on the basis of jobs, it is possible that it may hamper the economy of the country. Peple will be money oriented and less people will be interested in pursuing their passion. As a result, there will be fewer inventions and novel ideas.
Additionally, students who take up courses just for jobs, are less likey to perform better at the job as compared to people from people who have interest in the subject. Let us consider an example, a person X takes up teaching as it offers higher salary than any other profession. X taught subject Math to the students. BUt, since, X did not have a keen interest in the subject, he could not arise interest of students in that subject. Hence, in long run, he affected the future of the students, and hence the future of the country.

While opposition may argue that college eductaion is expensive and it is important to get a job so that one can return loans. But, learning something just for the sake of a job is far more expensive as eventually students will have to spend more money to learn what actually interests them. Hence, it is safe to conclude that students should be encouraged to take subjects according to their interest.
