“Some people believe that our ever-increasing use of technology significantly reduces our opportunities for human interaction. Other people believe that technology provides us with new and better ways to communicate and connect with one another.”

In today's world, technology has become an integral part of our everyday lives. With the ubiquity of mobile phones, laptops, tablets and other such gadgets, technology has a huge impact in our lives. It has made tasks like communication with other people very simple and easy. Hence, I stand with the people who believe that technology provides us with innovative and better ways to communicate with one another.
In older days, in order to talk to a person, one had to visit that person. This required travelling to different places and also proved to be expensive in terms of money and time. However, now with technology, one can save all that money. With help of Skype, Facebook, Whatsapp, one just has to press the video call button and one can talk to other person face to face instantly. Facebook and Whatsapp are free applications that can be installed on a person's mobile phone, laptop or tablet. And by just simply pressing a button, one can start communicate with other people. The ease and simplicity of this idea has made our lives way easier. Now, students in colleges can talk to their parents instantly. Also, ease of using these applications has made people adapt to it quickly.This example shows how technology has made our ways to communicate easier, faster and cheaper. 
The peneration of internet and technology has also made making friends easy and staying in touch even more easy. Consider Sam, he is a diffident boy and hence, he did not have many friends. But, after joining social networking sites like Facebook, he can easily make friends by just click of a button. Also, sites like Quora allows, one to ask and answer questions "anonmously", so one doesn't have to feel embarrased while asking a question. Infact the question will be answered by millions of people irrespective of our identity. This example shows how technology has provided an opportunity to even diffident and shy people to communicate at ease.
Additionally, technology has provided us ways to communicate and connect with others in which distance does not matter. In earlier days, if a person had to travel abroad, he had to purchase a specific international phone card. Also, international calls were very expensive. People would talk to their loved ones once in a week or two, unless one was very rich. However, now technology has brought Voice Over Internet, with help of which, one can just requires an internet connection to talk to the people in other country and one can communicate for endless hours.This is another example of how technology has made our communication better by overcoming international barriers.
While opposition may argue, that people are always busy on internet and hence, communicate less with the people physically available to them. However, this can be negated by the fact that though people talking over internet, they still are involved in human interaction with help of Skype/ Whatsapp. THerefore, in the light of the above evidence, it is safe to conclude that technology provides us with new and better ways to communicate with one another. 
