“As people rely more and more on technology to solve problems, the ability of humans to think for themselves will surely deteriorate.”

In today's world, technology has not only penerated into the lives of the people but has also become an integral part of it. With the ubiquity of mobile phones, laptops, computers and tablets, technology surely has an impact on human thinking. HOwever, I don not agree with the topic, that the dependence on technology will detoriate human's ability to think for themseleves. Instead, I think that technolgy can enhance a person's thinking ability. 
As people start using technology, this prevents them from not wasting time over redundant tasks. For example, there is no need for a person to take do an addition of 12345 and 23456 mentally or my hand. Rather, a computer can do it for them for in a fraction of second. THis will not only help in saving time but also provides a person with an opportunity to devote this time and energy to a more intellectual task. However, I would like to point out that this does not mean that one should not know how do to basic arithmetic. Rather, having learnt it once, one can now use technology to do this redundant task. This way a person has more time to do other important tasks or learn new new skills and hence, improve his thinking ability further.
Nowadays, whenever, we come across a problem. We enter the question in the search engine and in a fraction of seconds, we get a myriad of answers to our question. There are platforms like Quora, Twitter where our questions are seen my million of people. WE get answers for our questions instantly. THere are websites which provide answers to all our technical/ academic queries. Here, the opposition may argue that this can deteoriate our thinking ability as we do not brainstrom for an answer ourselves. However, this is not true. When a person sees a myriad of answers for a particular question, it provokes one to to think further and in turn, triggers new ideas. Also, understanding the answer will require one to use his/her mental ability. In another example, as people are becoming more dependent on technology, they are becoming more empowered.Due to technology, there are abundant of platforms to learn new skills and techniques. There are websites like Coursera, Edx and Udacity, which offer free courses to millions of people across the world and help them improve their thinking ability. An educated person can surely think better for themselves and technology is helping millions in this process. These courses allow indiviaduals to develop skills irrespective of their age, gender, color and nation. Undoubtedly, technology has helped more in improving the lives of the people. Therefore, it is safe to conclude that as people rely more and more on technology to solve problems, the ability of humans to think for themselves will surely improve.
   
