We can learn more from conflicts than we can from agreements.
Conflicts occur everytime something unconventional happens. People, usually, do not accept the change easily, they question it, often critize it and hence conflict occurs. But, these conflicts are necessary as they reveal the possible flaws and loopholes in the new idea and make us aware of the negatives of the change. Hence, I agree with the topic that we can learn more from conflicts than we can from agreements. However, it is crucial that the nature of conflict should be healthy. The questions , conflicts or disagreement that arise should not cause harm to the society. Below are some of the examples how conflicts have proven to be better than agreement.
Debates have been an integral part of any democratic country. In most democratic countries, before a law is passed, it is thoroughly debated by the representatives of the people of that country. All the different aspects of the law are discussed and questions from the opposition are addressed. THis process is crucial as it highlights the possible short comings of the law and proposes corrections or changes. These debates help improve a law and makes the law more sound. If this step is ignored, then possibly a weaker law will be implemented, which in turn can fail and cause loss of money and resources. Therefore, democratic countries have shown that one can learn more from conflicts than from agreements.
Most eminent scientists or scholars have mostly preferred to be surrounded by critics than by sycophants. According to them, this helps in improving them. THe critics point out their mistakes and this provides scholars with an opportunity to  ameliorate their skills further. Scientists like APJ Abdul Kalam, Sergey Levine and my professor Alexander Fell, are a few who prefer critics over myrmidions.
Disagreement gives way to new discoveries. In the field of science and technology, scientist often question and critise a theory or it's under lying assumptions. This process, introduces scientists to the possible drawbacks of the theory and points out the situations where it may not work. In turn, this gives rise to new research areas to explore ,that can make the theory better and lead to new discoveries.For example, in a Robotics Lab, a reinforcement learning algorithm was designed to make a robot reach a target object from any intial position. The scientists were able to implement the algorithm in computer simulation. However, when the same algorithm was implemented on a real robot in a real world environment, the experiment failed. A meeting was conducted in the lab to discuss why the experiment failed. The heated debate highlighted the possible loopholes, assumptions were questioned and possible solution was chalked out. This scientists were required to explore a new field of transfer learning and many years later, scientists found a way of transfering siimluation results to real world.Here again, conflict gave way to a new discovery. So, this advancing nature of science based on questioning the previous theories also proves that one can learn more from conflicts than from agreement. 
While the opposition may argue that agreement can motivate a person to perform better and disagreement can often be discouraging. This can be negated by the fact that though initially disagreement may hurt but in the long run, it is much better for a person as it enlightens them to the possible areas for improvement. Therefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is more reasonable and pragmatic to conclude that a person can learn way from disagreement as compared to agreement.
