“As people rely more and more on technology to solve problems, the ability of humans to think for themselves will surely deteriorate.”

This topic raises a controversial issue whether the ability of humans to think for themselves is deteoriating or not as people rely more and more on technology to solve problems. I generaally disagree that the ability of humans to think for themselves is deteoriating , and rather argue that human thinking is not deteoriating as more amd more people rely on technology to solve problems.

First of all, dependence of people on technology to solve problems has helped people become more smart. Exposure to technology has opened new avenues for people and acts as a trigger for new ideas. For example, Neha was stuck at a problem, she searched about it on internet and  found a solution to her problem. She spent time understanding the solution and now applies the same approach to other problems. In this way, technology broadens our spectrum and triggers new ideas.

Secondly, technology makes us aware of the competion around us. On the internet, there are open challenges, hackathons and several other competitions open to people of all age groups. These challenges introduce people to the amount of competition and pushes people to constantly improve themselves. Hence, technology is providing humans with an ability to improve themselves.

Thirdly, by relying on technology to solve problems, humans can be allocated to other difficult tasks and in turn improve the productivity of the company. Let us consider company X, initially employees of the company used to calculate the inflow and outflow of money manually. But with technolgy, a simple program does this task of calculation in fraction of seconds and the employees can engage in other important tasks like analysis of money flow, designing stratergies to minimise the outflow and so on. Hence, technological advances have helped humans save time and engage themselves in more intellectual jobs. 

Additionally, technology has made it possible for people from different parts of the world to access eductation. THere are plethora of online courses avaliable for learning different skills ranging from learning language to machine learning. This has helped people to become aware of world around them. As a result of this can be seen from the large number of startups coming up, people engaging in act

People in the opposition may say that technolgy can lead to people copying the solutions from the internet, people no longer apply their brain and straight away search for the answer on the internet. This can be negated by the fact that even if the answer was searched, the people have put effort to understand the solution and to apply it other problems. Hence, in this way technology has helped more than deteoriate. So, technology if harnessed properly, can improve the ability of humans to improve. 
