Everyday, newspapers are filled news about unexpected temperature changes, pollution level rising above normal, river drying up and many more examples. These examples clearly show how humans have exploited mother Earth to the point of exhaustion. From cutting trees for creating homes and offices, factories throwing their waste in rivers, humans have certainly over exploited nature and hence, it is important to stop them for harming nature more and more in the name of economic development. THerefore, I completely agree with the topic that nation should pass laws to preserve any remaining wilderness areas in natural state, even if these areas could be developped for eceonomic gain.

Human deeds are many times motivated by avrice. For monetory gains, they have cut forests to build flats , sell them and make money. An example, is the area near Brooklyn river, which is completely transformed by the real estate investors for increasing the value of their property. Currently, the river is surrounded by high rise flats on both the sides of the river. Similarly, in cities lke Delhi, pepole have carried out extensive deforrestation, inorder to build offices and factories. Additionally, these factories also release their toxic waste in rivers or into the atmosphere through chimneys. These, examples, portray how poeple have harmed nature for their personal gains. Consequently, the number of forest areas in the have come down drastically, many species have become extinct due to loss of habitat and many aquatic species died due to toxic wastes. These problems have resulted in global warming and an ecological imbalance. Some evident effects include erractic temperature changes. Currently, heat waves are experienced in France where temperatures have risen above 41c. This is the highest temperature recorded in decades. Similar is the case with London. In another example, the pollution in Delhi has risen to an extent that the atmosphere of the city is no longer safe for humans. A few months back, the city was covered with smog and schools had to be shut down to protect children from falling ill. But despite, these harmful effects, people continue to exploit the nature. Clearly, it is high time for the nations to pass stringent laws to preserve the remaining wilderness areas as if not stopped, humans may continue to exploit nature.
Economic gains are important for a country to develop and flourish. However, it is not pragmatic to harm environment for monetory gains. Governemnt of many countries have implemented laws to reduce global warming. Howvere, after considering the effects of the above stanza, the steps or laws of government do not seem sufficient. Certainly, global warming has become a very common term. It is explained  and taught to students, however, not enough strict actions are taken. It seems like the word has become trite. It is crucial that the government passes strict laws to prevent people from harming the environment more. Rules like not allowing people to damage wilderness areas can prove to be a effective step in preventing further damage. This can protect wild animals, habitat loss and help restore ecological balance. THrefore, it is safe to conclude that ...
