If a goal is worthy, then any means taken to attain it are justifiable.

Almost everyone has a goal. It may be as small as trying to sleep on time or as arduous as becoming the president of the country. Different people set goals according to their capabilities to push themselves to achieve them. Achieving a goal brings happiness and motivates one to aim for higher things. These goals ensure that one stays focused on their path. So, depending on the goal, the steps involved in achieving the goal play a very important role. Therefore, I do not agree with the topic that if any goal is worthy then any means taken to achieve it are justifiable and hence argue that means are equally important as goals and should be ethically and morally correct. 
First of all, a goal is very subjective term and may mean different things to different people. For someone, it may be to learn to do arithmetic, for some it may be to learn a language, some may want to win a nobel prize and someone else may want to be the president of UNited States of America. All these goals may be every important to the person trying to achieve it. Every litlle goal is worthy as it takes one closer to their dreaams and brings them happiness. HOwever, if the path taken to achieve the goal is not morally and ethically correct, it may not bring one happiness and can even have a negative imapct on them as well as society. Consider an athelete preparing for Olympics. THe goal of the athelete is to win a gold medal for her country. Clearly, this is a worthy goal, if she achieves this goal, she will make her country and family very proud. THis victory will also bring her fame. So, a right approach to achieve the task would be to practice daily and eat healthy. However, if the athelete tries to take another path to achieve the goal where she may try to avoid all the hardwork, the outcome will not be same as desired. So if instead of working hard, she starts using drugs and medicines to increase her stamina, it can have negative impact on her. So, even if she wins by means of drugs, she will not enjoy the victory as she had not worked hard for it. Also, eventually, if the sports authorities find out about the usage drugs, she might have to face serious repurcussions. THis shows that means are equally important. In another example, consider Sam. He wants to become the president of his country. A proper approach would be break the goal into smaller goals like: conduct campaigns in different regions , win elections of a smaller region, gain experience in adminstration and then after years of experience try for presidential elections. However, Sam is impatient. He thinks that killing the current President will make him the president in a few months. However, this iniquitious and immoral act will only bring tribulations. Also, there will be no happiness or satisfaction after achieving this task as in the long run, it will bring him punishment. These examples portray how the path taken to achieve the task is crucial to the goal. A worthy goal alone is not sufficient, rather moral and ethical means are equally important in achieving the goal. 
While the opposition may argue that taking an inappropriate means to achieve the task can save time. They may quote an example: a student is unable to solve his homework, so he copies the homework from his friend's assignment. The student paraphrases his friend's answer and somehow escapes being getting caught for plagiarism. This way the student achieved his goal of scoring a high grade in his assignment and at the same time, he saved alot of time. However, in the long run the student has failed. What if the question appears in the exam? OR what if teacher takes a surprise quiz and the same questions appear? Eventaully, in the long run, if means are not correct, it is the loss of the student as he lost an opportunity to learn a concept. Therefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is pragmatic to conclude that means are very important in achieving any goal.

