It is primarly through our identification with social groups that we define ourselves.

If one looks around themselves and observe people around them, they will not be surprised to discern people who have characteristic's similar to their own. It may be as crucial as the like and dislikes of that person or may be his/her thoughts that bring them closer to us.It is possible that may have very few similarities. Yet, for an outsider who knows one's friend and doesn't know us in person, he/she may be inclined to conclude that one is similar to his friend. Also a famous saying "All chickens flock together" fits aptly in this context.  Therefore, I agree with the topic that it is primarly through our identification with social groups that we define ourselves.
First of all, be it any any field or any place, we tend to make friends with the people who are similar to us in the way they think, talk or any other characteristics. Consider Sam. He is a student. He plays with a group of boys. When one observes and anayses the members of that group, one may finds out that they all were very sincere in their work and also excelled in studies. So, for an outsider, if he sees Sam traipsing with his friends and that person knows Sam's other friends, he may be tempted to conclude that Sam is also studious and sincere.THe opposite may also occur. If Sam spends time with students who are notorious or are in bad books of teachers. HE may be percieved as naughty and nototrious student by outsiders. Therefore, this shows how through identification with a group, one can defien oneself.In another example, consider X. He works in amultinational company. He is a male chauvinist. So, he not liked by the women in his team. His best friend works in another team in the same office. Assuming that his friend is also a male chauvinist, the women avoid his friend as well. However, it may be possible that he is different from his friend. But, here again, the group with which his spends time have lead people to percieve him to be similar to them. THerefore, this example portrays how one's identity is defined by social group they interact with.
While opposition may argue that one is solely defined by his/her own actions and one's identification has no relation to the social group that one may belong to. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact that our decisions and actions are influenced by the kind of people we surround ourselves with. For example, if I spend most of my time with a friend who involves in immoral plots or is iniquitious. I may be tempted to do so as well as these immoral acts may become normal or mundane for me. And, surely, the police or the people observing me with my friend, may percieve me as a immoral. Therefore, our compnay or social group impacts our identification. THerefore, in the light of the above examples, it is safe to conclude that it is primarly through our identification with social groups that we define ourselves. 
