All parents should be required to volunteer time to their children's schools.

IN today's world, where technology and busy life have reduced the time a parent spends with a child, parents should be encourages to volunteer time to their children's school. With ubiquity of social media, some parents spend more time with their gadgets than their own kids. In such a stiuation, voulnteer time in their children's school will not only allow them to spend more time with their children but in turn, it will also make their kids very happy. Therefore, parents should be galvanized to voluteer time to their children's school. However, this should not be made compulsory for all parents. 
First of all, volunteering time will allow parents to spend more time with their children. Parents will be visiting school, interecting with their chikd's teachers and friends. This help them understand their kid better. In today's world, majority of parents are working.IN such a senario, by the time parents reach home, they are too tired to play or spend quality time with their kid. Their time at home is occupied by the household chores and sometimes office work as well. Therefore, an interation through  volunteer time will help bridge gap between parents, teachers and students. Children will be happy to spend day with their parents and introduce them to their friends. This will also provide a break for parents from their daily routine and make them feel happy. Therefore, since a parent volunteer time can have a positive impact on both parents and children, therefore, it should be encourage in schools.
However, parent volunteering should not be made compulsory. While, undoubtedly, it a wonderful opportunity for parents, but sometimes parents may have other responsiblities like office meetings.In such a senario, forcing them to do volunteer time will not be pragmatic. IF it os made obligatory, if sometimes parents do not make it voulnteer time due to some worthy reason, students may be disappointed and may lose out their position in class. IT may bring about a negative competion among students. Students may treat a student differently if his parents do not show up. Also, a school may allocate a few grade points to the students whose parents volunteer time to school. But what if the parents were too busy to come?In this case the student may suffer due to something which was not his fault. THis can be highly demotivating for the student and may even have unpropitious impact on a student's mind.Therefore, to avoid such situation, it is advisable that parent volunteering should not be made compulsory in schools. Rather, it should be very flexible for parents. All the parents who are available on a particular day should inform the teachers and be present in school on that day. Therefore, in the light above evidences, it safe to conclude that parents should be encouraged to volunteer time to their children's schools but it should not be made compulsory for them. 
