Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed.

Educational institutions play a crucial role in shaping the future of a student. It is their responsibility to introduce different fields of study to a student. Also, they should help a student in achieving his/her goals, by providing them with appropriate guidance and facilities. However, I do not agree that educational institutes should dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed as it is not not possible for insitutes to predict whether a student will succeed or not in a field of study.
An institute cannot predict  whether a student will succeed in a field or not. It is possible that a student may not be good a particular subject during his college. However, it may happen that later in life, he develops an interest in the subject and may even  achieve great success in that field. Hence, it is not justified for an institute to dissuade any student from a particular study based on his current grades or performance.
The institutes should introduce different courses and fields to students, and encourage them to choose their field of study based on their interest. THis is because interest is more enduring. If an institute encourages to take courses which are more lucrative based on the current market senario, then it may happen that the same course may become obsolete and by the time students graduate, they do not find any job. For example, currently the field of Data Science is in high demand in the job market. STudents who have done a course in Machine Learning or ARtificial INtelligence will quickly land a high paying job. This may tempt many institutes to persuade students to these courses. However, it may happen that this technology becomes obsolete by the time students finish college, in that case institutes will not be justified in their decision. Therefore, it is more reasonable and pragmatic for instutitutes to encourage students to take courses/ choose field based on their interest.
Additionally, it should be the responsibility of the institute to be unbiased towards all the different fields of study offered at the institute. If institutes become biased and start dissuading students from a less lucrative field towards a more lucrative one, this may prove to be demotivationg for the faculty and students of the less lucrative fields of study. Also, in the long run, it may bring an imbalance in the society. For example, if institutes persuade students to become Data Scientists, eventually many years down the line, there will be too many data scientists as compared to doctors, accountants and so on. Hence, this example highlights that institutes should not dissuade students from any field and should be unbiased.
While opposition may argue that dissuading a student from particularl field can help avoid failures in the life of the student. However, this can be negated by the fact this senario is a mere coincident as it is not possible from institutes to predict the failure and success of a student based on their current performance. For example, it is possible that a person who is excellent in a particular field, may find that field less challenging or boring few years down the line and might switch to a different field. Also, failure and success are subjective terms. THerefore, in the light of the evidence presented above, it is safe to conclude that educational instituions should not dissuade students from pursuing the field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed. 
