EDucators should find out what students want included in the curriculum and then offer it to them.

A curriculum is an integral part of any degree/course of any institution. IT consists of list of courses that are required to completed and plays a prominent role when a student decides to pursue any degree from any institue. Therefore, it is important to get a feedback from students about the kind of courses/technology interests them. HOwever, their feedbacks should not be necessarily included in the curriculum. Therefore, I agree with the part that educators should find out about the interest of the students, however they should include it only if they feel that it is pertinent to the degree pursued by the student or will aid the student in his/her stream.
While allowing students to suggest courses can have positive impacts like it may improve tracher-student interaction, bring new interesting courses to the curriculum and also highlight need splitting few courses into two with more content. However, it can seroious negative impacts as well.  First of all, students are not expert in any field. THeir interests may be biased. They may read an article on the internet and feel intrigued by any subject, but they may not find it interesting when studying and this may waste the resources of the institute.For example, a students reads an article about ocean thermal energy and is amazed by the concept.He gives a suggestion of an elective on the topic to be introduced in the curriculum. However, when lectures start and professors dig deep into the concepts, he finds the subject arduous and drops out of the course. This may couse loss of resources and money for any institue. Also, it is possible that the topic suggested by the student is completely irrelevant to his/her stream. For example, a student pursuing a degree in Architecture may give a suggestion for a course in Plant Reproduction. This subject has no relation to architecture and may not be useful to the students of architecture. IN another example, majority of students may want a course in soccer as they are football fans. But this course will not add any advantage for them in near future. Hence, students are callow and inexperienced, they sometimes do not what may be good or bad for them. Therefore, it is important that the suggestions provided by the students are evaluated by a team of professors before incorporating the course as a part of the curriculum. Teachers should consider different parameters before including a course like how pertinent it is to the field of study, it's future prospects, is it an upcoming field and so on.
THerefore, in the light of above examples, it is more pragmatic to conclude that educators should take feedback from students about the courses they wish to study, however suggestions should be included after proper examination and evaluation of the suggestions. 

Beautiful disaster.
Match me if you can
Looking for alaska
