Competing for high grades seriuosly limits the quality of learning at all levels of education.

Exams are integral part of many educational institutions. These exams are used to evaluate the learning of the students. It may appear that if a student scores high grades that means he has completely understood a concept. However, this is not true. In fact sometimes students focus too much on grades than actual learning of concepts. Therefore, I completelly agree with the topic that competing for high grades seriously limits the quality of learning at all levels of education.
First of all, competiton for marks among students takes away the focus from real learning. Parents encourage students to obtain high grades. This makes students focus more on obtaining marks rather than enjoying and understanding the essence of the subject. COnsider Sam. He studies in Geography class. Due to pressure of parents or competetion among peers, he focused on obtaining high marks in the exam. As a result, he focused on mugging the answers for the questions given in the assignment or those which appeared in last year's examination. This wasy, he felt, he could increase his chances of scoring well in the exam. As a result, he hid score well in the exam but, his understanding of the subject did not happen. A better approach would have been, to understand every concept in depth and in fact, go a little beyond the book to study about the facts from internet or some book in library. This way, a student could actually improve his knowledge in any subject.Therefore, from above example, it is clear that competing for high grades can limit the knowledge of the student.In another example, consider entrance exams for colleges. THese exams are highly competitive as entry of different colleges is decided based on these exams.Ina country like India, about 1.4 million appear for engineering entrance exam every year. As a result, every mark in the exam is capable of sending a student's rank down by one thousand. THere are a number of coaching centres which provide training for these exams. In most of these centres, teachers focus more on the tricks so that student can solve a problem quickly in the exam. However, this is opposite to the main intention of learning. In this case a student may not be aware of the fundamentals and logic behind the trick.And he/she may just have mugged it up for the sake of securing high marks in the entrance exam.Therefore, this portrays that competing for high grades can limit the quality learning of students.Also, the nature of the exam also plays a crucial role. If the exam is based on facts or if question paper remains similar over years, students may be tempted to study only the questions which have appeared in the questions in previous years. 
While opposition may argue that high grades are like rewards for studying and are meant to encourage students. HOwever, this can be negated by the fact that due to large number of students competing for marks and also due to parental pressure, high grades may foster unhealthy competition among students and can even hamper the learning of the student. THerefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that competing for high grades can surely limit the quality if learning at all levels of eductaion.
