“Although innovations such as video, computers, and the Internet seem to offer schools improved methods for instructing students, these technologies all too often distract from real learning.”

In today's world, technology has become an integral part of life. Technology has penerated in every diverse field including school education. Gone are the days, when teaching was limited to textbooks and blackboard. TOday, technology has become a part of the education system in many countries with blackboards being replaced by smart boards and paper based homeworks being substituted by online submitted homeworks.Undoubtedy, there are benefits of using technology like it saves paper, saves time of the teachers in correcting the assignments and help institutes in being more organised. However, despite these potential benefits of this method of teaching, I agree with the topic that technology, especially internet, often tend to distract students.
Many a times, the technology based education system requires students to make use of internet for submitting their homeworks online. This leads to many problems. When student is doing his/her homework online, he tend to get distracted. He may be distracted by social networking sites like Facebook, Instagram and Whatsapp. For example, Sam is doing his homework on his personal computer, interim a notification from Facebook pops up on his screen indicating that his close friend JOhn has commented on his profile picture. Instantly, Sam is tempted to login to Facebook and reply to that comment. This leads him to checking out the news feed of his other friends. As a result, he ends up wasting time. So, the homework, which was scheduled to be done in say 2 hours, now takes him 4 hours to finish. Clearly, this way technology proves to be a distraction and decraeses the productivity of a student.
Additionally, students using internet for the purpose of homework/assignments are more prone to unethical practices like plagiarism. It is possible that when a students gets stuck at a question, instead of brainstorming, he might be tempted to just google the question and copy the answer to his assignment. This behavior has increased in the students after peneration of technology in eductaion and has resulted in universities/colleges making strict rules against plagiarism.
Another possible distraction faced by students exposed to technology is due to the myriad of information available on the internet. For example, Sam needs some help on his essay on xenophobia. INorder to read about xenophobia, he searches about slavery on the internet. The search page gives him 10000 results on the topic. He read the first article and then moved to the second one. Unfortunately, the facts in the second article were contradictory to the points mentioned in the first one. This confused Sam, he did not know which source to trust. This example shows that technology, if not used judiciously, can impart wrong information, confuse and even waste a student's precious time.
While the opposition may argue that technology can help by providing myraid of information of any topic, helps broaden perspective and aids in explaining concepts that were not covered in class. BUt this can be negated by the above example as it may introduce a student to unauthentic information and in turn confuse the student. Therefore, in the light of the presented evidences, it is safe to conclude that technology and internet too often distract students from real learning.
