Scandals are useful because they focus our attention on problems in ways that no speaker or reformer ever could.

Everyday in newspaper, we read about different scandals. These scandals act as an eye opener for us. We think our government is not corrupt, but then a scandal in the newspaper makes us question their probity and integrity. It is true that humans have a tendency to learn more from examples than by just aphoristic sayings. Consider students in a class who are boisterously talking. A teacher asks students to stop talking telling them that talking wastes their energy. However, no one listens until a student gets punished for talking. After a student is punished, this example scares the other students of the class and no one talks anymore during the class lecture. On a similar note, I agree that sacndals are useful as they focus our attention on the problems in ways that no speaker or reformer ever could.
From centuries, feminists have been fighting for equal rights of women. They highlighted that women are illtreated and harrased in public spaces. A recent #MeToo movement also displayed how millions of women suffer from harrasment in offices, colleges and other public spaces. But these soon became trite until, a scandal revealed how a prominient politician physically abused a newspaper reporter. This story made women across the globe take to social media and decry the eminent politician. Infact, it was so impactful that it forced the politician to not only resign but to also face charges. This example indicates how, a scandal can make people alert and highly united to fight against the bad.
In another example, in a country, a government keeps using the tagline of "WE are not corrupt". The government creates an impression on the people that they are moral and not corrupt. However, a recent scandal revealed that a minister took a bribe of 300 million from a telecom company inorder to pass a bill in their favour. And, this scandal served as an eyeopener for the people of the nation about the venality and inquitiousity of the government. People revolted and finally, in the next elections a different party was elected to power. Here again, during the previous government, the members of the opposition party kept admonishing people about venality of that polictician but people reacted only after the scandal occurred.
On a tangetial note, a similar situation has occurred with respect to global warming. From the past few decades, the scientists and environmentalists have been warning us about the effects of global warming. How ,if carbon emmissions are not controlled, it can melt floes in the Antartic and can cause floods. Students are taught about global warming and carbon footprint in schools. These terms, had became banal. Howvere, the current heat wave in England , France and other countries have made people alert and has focused them to the problem again. The tempertaures in these countries have increased to as high as 40 degrees breaking years of records.People have suddenly become concerned about the future. THese examples clearly demonstrate that scandals are useful and help focus are attention in ways no speaker, reformer or even textbook can.
