Formal education restrains our minds and spirits rather than set them free

Education is intrinsic for shaping the future of an education. Some people take formal education, other prefer studying at home on their own. Formal education follows a balanced cirriculum that introduces students to a variety of subjects and allows them to explore their interests. THerefore I do not agree with the topic that formal education restrains our minds and spirits rather than set them free. And hence argue for the opposite.
First of all, formal education introduces students to a variety of arenas-from science, maths, music to arts and history. They follow a fixed curriculum to allow students to spend sufficient time of each of the courses. This allows students to get glimpses of each stream and then decide where their interest lies. Also, this prevents students from getting lost in one subject and ignoring the other subjects. Consider, Sam. He does not take formal education. He started reading a history book and felt intrigued by the subject. As a result, he spent 6 hours a day reading history books. In this process, he ignored other crucial subjects like arithmetic, geometry and science. He becam bias towards one subject and started ignoring others. As a result, as a 16 year old, he could not even do simple arithmetic. This imbalance in study can be avoided in formal education, which pays equal attention to all subject unless a student reaches high school, when he is smart enough to choose his courses. This way high school makes a student strong enough to be independent and set them free to explore. Additionally, it is crucial for students to study all subjects upto a certain class so that they know basic of each subjects which are necessary for every field. But after, a certain class they are free to dive into whichever field they feel comfortable in. Also formal education provides a balance between exams, homeworks and holidays. THis ensures that students do not waste too much time playing or do not spend too much time studying that they missout on having fun. However, in an informal education, this may not be possible. A student may take as many holidays, or may have less exams and homeworks. This can hinder the leraning of a student. Another feature of formal education is that it provides a student with training in different fields like sports, dance, gymnastics under one roof. Students get an opportunity to learn dance, music , sports for a certain duration in a week and this helps in the overall growth of the child. An informal education, however, may not be able to successfully provide all these options to a child. A child not going to school may have to go to different teachers or places to learn so many different things. THese examples portray how pursuing formal education does not restrain our minds and instead allows us to explore different fields.
While opposition may argue that following a fixed curriculum may not allow students to be creative in subjects. This can be negated by the fact that in formal education, curriculum is designed in such a way that students spend time in applying concepts learnt in class to real world problems. Teachers give students projects, assignments that triggers students to think beyond the textbooks. They use their ingenuity and concepts to do the projects and assignments. Additionally, through these projects and assignments, students get an opportunity to interact and work with other students. THis helps in developping social skills of the child , makes them confortable in approaching others and leads to an overall development of the child. Also, makes them confident and independent individuals. Informal education or home tutoring involves a single student and hence, does not facilitate overall dvelopment and in turn limits them. THerefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that formal education does not restrains our minds and spirits rather, it sets them free.
