As we acquire more knowledge, things do not become more comprehensible, but rather more complex and mysterious.

Knowledge is infinite. When we start studying a subject, gradually and gradually it starts becoming tough. INitially, it appears easy and interesting. But as we dig into the course, we become cognizant of it's intricacies, complexities and problems. THerefore, I do agree with the topic that as we acquire more knowledge, things do not become comprehensible, but rather more complex and mysterious.
First of all, consider a lay man entering a Robotics Lab. He is completely amazed by the sight of different robots like UR5 and UR10. He sees researchers working on it and making the robot move from one position to another. To a lay person, this may seem a trivial task of moving a robot from one point to another. However, for any researcher in the field of Robotics, will be able aware of the difficulty of the task of motion planning. He will be cognizant of how crucial it is to decide the right velocity for robots and how robot should react in case of an occulsion in it's path, whether the path taken by the robot is shortest or not. THerefore, this example clearly portrays how an expert in the field finds a task more complex as compared to an inexperienced person.
In another example, consider Earth. In schools, we are taight that sun rises from the east and set in the west. However, there is no explanation given. Nature may appear simple to us, but for scientists and researchers, it is mysterious. Every successful step in the direction of finding the reason leads to many new mysteries. Why do planets revolve? Why does sun rise in the east and not west? Why are there multiple galaxies? THese mysteries remain unresolved.Additionally, consider a Pysicist. For any lay person, an atom is the smallest unit of matter. An atom is present is every single object/ substance on Earth. Yet, for physicist it is the most complex and arduous subject with which they are still struggling. It is still not possible to accurately define the existence of a atom at any point, rather it is based on proabailistic model. Also, light which is an integral part of our lives, some scientists consider it to have wave nature others call it particle nature. But for a dilettante, it is just the morning sunlight. He/she is completely aware about the laws of reflection, deflection and refraction. For him, light is a very simple and trivial concept. However, for scientists and researchers, who are have spent years studying subjects pertitent to the wave, light and electromagnetic spectrum, find light a mysterious problem. Therefore, in the light of above examples, it is pragmatic to conclude that as one acquires more knowledge, things become more tough and mysterious rather than becoming more comprehensible.   
