The author concludes that the result of Dr Field's research is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present more accurate results on child rearing traditions in Tertia and other islands. While the argument may appear true but it is rife with holes and assumptions and hence, does not support author's conclusion.

First of all, author claims that his approach will establish a much more accurate understanding of the child rearing traditions in Tertia. However, there is no information about how it will be more accurate and also, what was the accuracy of the previous approach. It may be possible that accuracy increases by a huge amount. But, it may be possible that accuracy increases by just 0.001%. This fact undermines the author's conclusion the outcome of Dr Field's resrach is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present better results on child rearing traditions in Tertia and other islands. Inorder to bolster the argument, author should provide information about the accuracy of the previous method, expected accuracy from the new method and how this increased accuracy is achieved by the new method.

Secondly, author mentions that interviews show that children talk more to their biological parents as compared to other village adults. Also, it may be possible that children tend to speak more to their parents but still were rared by other adults in the village. This fact undermines the author's conclusion that the result of Dr Field's research is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present more promising results on child rearing traditions. Inorder to strenthen the argument author should the interview conducted and how he links the talking to biogical parents as an indication of children being rared by them.

Thirdly, author mentions about the interview based approach and uses it to conclude that Dr Field's research was invalid. But author provides no information about how the interview was conducted, on how many people participated and what were the questions asked. So, it may be possible that interview was conducted on a small set, who spoke more to their parents. This fact undermines the author's conclusion that Dr Field's research on this topic is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present more accurate results on child rearing traditions in Tertia and other islands.Inorder to strengthen the argument author should provide more information about the how the interview conducted, what kind of questions wer asked and how many people took part in the interview. 

Additinally, author invalidates Dr Field's reasreach based on interviews. However, it may be possible that DR Field considered more parameters during his observations and hence, be more pragmatic. This fact weakens author's conclusion that the result of Dr Field's resrach is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present more accurate results on child rearing traditions in Tertia and other islands.Inorder to support his argument, author should provide more details about DR Field's approach.

After examining different angles of the argument, the author is not justified in the concluding that the outcome of Dr Field's research is invalid and also that his new interview based approach will present more accurate results on child rearing traditions in Tertia and other islands.While it highlights a possibility, more information is needed to support the author's conclusion.    
