Luxuries and conviences of modern lifestyle include , but are not limited to, owning smartphones, tablets, laptops, smart watches and fancy cars. The presence of these luxuries have completely transformed our lives. They have made, previously tedious tasks into simple and easy tasks. Hence, I do not agree with the topic that luxuries and conviences of the contemporary life prevent people from developing into truly strong and independent individuals and hence, argue for the opposite.
First of all, these tasks have made every individual more independent. Imagine, before owning a smart phone, an individual had to go to the street and wait for an taxi to go to office or market. And during busy hours, often one would require to wait for about twenty to thrity minutes. This caused delay and loss of energy. Howvere, with the help of applications like Uber, Ola which can be installed on smart phones, one can book a cab within seconds. The application informs the expected wait time and infact, one can even book a cab in advance like a day before. Therefore, clearly using smartphones had made an indibidual more independent. In another example, consider smart watches. Without using a smart watch, people would go on walk and jogs but will have no idea about the calories burnt, miles walked. Sometimes people may be under the false impression that they are working out enough. However, with help of smart watches, one can keep track of the amount of calories burnt, their sleep cycles and can use this data to improve their lifestyle and lead a healthier life. Additionally, with peneration of internet, people are no longer dependent on going to actual schools. Infact, people of any age, geneger, color or caste can sit in their living room and learn from teachers across the global without any cost. THere are no longer required to travel distances to go to school. In turn, they can save money, energy and at the same pursue self paced courses online. THese courses are accessible from any smart device includeing televisions, smart phones, tablets and laptops. This shows that luxuries has made us more empowered and independent.This shows that luxuries has made us more empowered and independent.Also, in another example, let's consider a boy named Sam. Suddenly, Sam's parents had to go to CHicago for some work and so, he is alone atr home. He does not want to eat anything unhealthy and he does not want to order food from outside. However, he does not know how to cook. So, he decides to look for cooking tutorials on YOuTube. He finds a simple recipe of salad on YouTUbe, he follows the recipe step by step and is able to prepare an excellent salad for himself. Here again, we can see that how having a luxury such as a smart phone can prevent an individual from being dependent on others.
While, opposition may argue that people tend to use technology for every little thing like arithmetic addition.They may conclude that technology and luxury is making people lazy and reucing their intellect. However, this can be negated by the fact that with help of technology people are preventing them from doing the same redundant task again and again, and also, it allows them spend their time in more intellectual tasks. THerefore, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that luxuries and conviences of modern lifestyle has made people more strong and independent individuals.
