Governments are justified in circumventing civil laws when doing so is vital to the protection of national
security.
Laws are an integral part of any country. Laws ensure smooth functioning of a country and are neccessary to be abided by the citizens and government alike. However, in certain situation related to national security, government should be allowed to circumvent these laws. A government is aware about the threats to the country and if it feels that violating a particular law can help them avoid or overcome a threat, it should be allowed to do so. Hence, I stand with the poeple who think that governments are justified in ignoring the civil laws when doing so is vital to the protection of national security. However, it is crucial that such decisions should be made by the government under the guidance of some other authority inorder to ensure transparency.
First of all, government will always try to act in the best interests of it's citizens and if government gets information about a possible threat, they must act to protect it's citizens even if those actions require breaking a civil law. Consider the attacks on Twin Tower on 11 September, 2011. After the attacks, it was found that the terrorists communicated by sending digital images over social media. These digital images contained messages and information pertinent to the attack. So, before the attacks, if government tried to keep a track of the images posted by citizens on social media, the citizens would consider this step as a security breach. However, attacks like 9/11 justify that government should be allowed to break laws, if it can help in preventing a terrorist attack. If government had broken this law, maybe the attack could be prevented. Another example is of the terrorist attack in Mumbai, India. In this attack, terrorists communicated with their cohorts using internet. When government realised this, they disrupted the wifi and internet connectivity in the affected region. In a normal situation, this act will not be justified but however, in case of national security this step was a pragmatic one.THese examples, show that a government is justified in breaking a civil law in case of emergency.
The opposition may argue that government officials can use this power to hide their crimes. Therefore, it is important that the decisions involving government to circumvent civil laws should be taken in the presence of a monitoring body. This should be necessary as it will ensure that the government circumvents laws only in case of emergency and not otherwise. This also ensures that this power is not used by government officials to conceal their mistakes and crimes. This body will ensure that steps taken by the government were justified. Additionally, this authority will also prevent the act of circumventing laws from becoming a habit of the government officers. So, if a government does not follow a certain law in case of emergencies and under the guidance of another authority, it is justified in circumventing a law. In the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that government is justified in neglecting a civil law, only in the presence of a monitoring body and only if doing so is vital to the protection of national security.
