THe topic presents a controverstial issue whether a government is justified or not in circumventing civil laws when doing so is to vital to the protection of national security. I generally disagree that government should not be allowed to break civil laws and hence argue that government is justified in circumventing laws but only in cases of emergency and under the guidance of some authority.
First of all, government is justified in breaking civil laws only in case of emergencies. It can be analogous to the case of an ambulance. Just like an ambulance is allowed to break traffic laws but not other cars. This is because ambulance carry patients and life of an patient is more important than a civil law. Similarly, government should be allowed to circumvent laws only in case of exigencies. So, inorder to catch a terroroist, government may be allowed to ignore the privacy of the citizens for a short duration. For example, a terrorist attack happened in Mumbai a few years back.In this attack, terrorists were found to be communicating with other terrorists via social media. The government suspended internet connectivity in the area inorder to catch the terrorists. A slightly similar case was seen in 9/11 incident that occurred in United States of America in 2011. In this attack, terrorists were found sending information using digital images. While, citizens would initially feel that government monitoring their personal photographs is a privacy breach but the attacks like 9/11 justify the need for government to circumvent laws inorder to protect national security. Hence, clearly, government is justified in avoiding civil laws in emergency situations. 
Secondly, government should be allowed to break civil laws only in the presence of another body or authority. This body should ensure that laws broken by the government officials are for a strong enough reason and not for their personal interests. For example, in the absence of a monitoring body, the government officals may try to circumvent rule to conceal their corruption. And, in some extreme caes, make their habit. The monitoring body will prevent the goverment officials from doing so and hence, ensure transparency in the process. 
While opposition may argue that giving liberaties to the government for braking laws, the corrupt officials may start using it to conceal their crimes and avoid penalty. THis can be negated by the fact that government should be allowed to break laws only in case of emergencies and in the presence of another authority. Here authority, may be another body, which will look into the laws broken and ensure that every law broken by the government is justified. Hence, it is safe to conclude that government is justified in circumventing laws but only under the guidance of some authority and in case of emergencies.
