Even though, the world today is changing rapidly and it may seem that knowing the past cannot help in taking important decisions today. It may seem valid that whatever was appicable in the past, may not work now. However, knowing the past can help in taking some critical decisions, if not all, even today. Examples from different walks of life, our government, engineers and even a child take decisions based on the past outcomes.
By having knowledge of the past, we can reduce the risk involved in the decision. If we know, how a response to a certain situation resulted in the past, we can learn from it and take a better decision now. Let's consider an example of a bridge construction "Ababa". During the construction of the bridge, the engineers used a bad quality of cement and as a result, the bridge collapsed after a few months of it's construction. This event resulted in loss of lives and money. THe government ordered investigation to find reason for the collapse of the bridge. The investigation revealed that the bridge collapsed due to the negligence of the engineers. The engineers chose poor quality cement for the construction of the bridge and hence, built a weak bridge. This decision of choosing a bad quality of cement and it's consequences are a lesson for every engineer. Hence, engineers today pay extra care in chossing good quality elements for construction purposes. So, we can say that knowing the past help in taking important decisions today.
The past outcomes have inspire our democracy as well. After, every unexpected crime, laws are amended. This way past helps us to improve oursleves and take better decisions in the future. In another example, if an elected government does not pay attention to needs to the public, the public knowing it's past decision ,will not vote for the same governemt again. Hence, this example supports the claim that knowing the past help in taking important decisions today.
Additionally, we know that a child slowly learns to walk. In the process of walking, he may fall down and get hurt due to walking in a particular way. But, this experience teaches him and later, he avoids walking in that particular way and does not get hurt. Here, again, we can say that decisions of the past have helped us take better decisions in the future and has made us better decision makers.
While ,even though the decisions of the past do not work in a few exceptions like when considering orthodox beliefs, school curriculum and so on. But, in most situations, the past decisions have helped us learn and take better decisions in the future. We can conclude that knowing the past can help in taking improtant decisions even today.
