THe topic presents a controverstial issue of whether government is justified in circumventing the civil laws when doing so is vital to protect the national security. I generally disagree that government is not justified in circumventing and hence argue that government is justified when it avoids domestic laws for national security.
First of all, government is elected by the people and will always take the decision in the interest of the people. Hence, if government thinks that . Government is a body consisting of many members. DFor example, in INdia goevernment is formed by more than 500 people. So, decisions are made after debates and discussions. IN such a senario, if the government decides to circumvent a law, it will be justified. 
Secondly, in cases of national security, government is more aware about the threats than a normal civilian. And hence if government thinks that taking away a certain right from it's civilians or avoiding a few laws themselves can help strengthen the secuirty. For example, if in a terrorist attacks in the country, government noticies that terrorists are communicating via internet. THe government may be forced to stop internet connectivity in a particular region in the country. This step is crucial to national security and hence, government is justified in taking away the rights of the people and avoiding the civil laws.
Additionally, government can ban newspapers and social media if they notice alot of inappropriate information regarding some upcoming riot. Or when government notices some information important to national security is being shared through social media. For civilians, it may seem unjustified,they may feel that their rights have been taken away from them. But these steps are improtant to protect the nation from terrorists and other threats.THerefore, government is justified in circumventing the laws inorder to protect it's citizens.
While the opposition may argue that government may circumvent every laws in the name of national security. THis can be negated by the fact that though this may be wrongly used by some, but it is mostly done in case of emergency and hence will in best interest of the citizens of the country. THerefore, the government is reasonable and pragmatic in it's decision to circumvent civil laws for the protection of national security.  
