“Some people believe that our ever-increasing use of technology significantly reduces our opportunities for human interaction. Other people believe that technology provides us with new and better ways to communicate and connect with one another.”

The topic introduces a controversial topic of whether our ever-increasing use of technology significantly reduces our opportunities for human interaction or not. I generally disagree that technology does not provides us with new and better ways to communicate and connect with one another and hence, agrue that increasing use of technology significantly provides us with new and better opportunities for human interaction.

With technology increasingly penerating in our real lifes, we tend to spend more time on our phones than with people around us. The virtual world of Instagram, Facebook and Twitter have become an integral part of our lives. First of all people find it easier to make friends on social media. One has to just send a freind request and voila, one can become friends in no time. Unlike, in real life, where it takes a lot of effort and courage to approach a person, technology has made it way easier for both extroverts and introverts alike. Hence, echnology significantly provides us with new and easier opportunities for human interaction.

Secondly, technology has made interaction very efficient and easy. For example, without using technology, inorder to meet a friend, a person has to take out a few hours from his schedule, travel distances to meet the other person. This process requires time and money. Howvere, using technology, one can have a meetimng online through Skype (or other such platforms) and save on money and time. This shows that technology provides better opportunities for human interaction.

Thirdly, technology provides interaction opportunities like online chatting. This allows people to interact with others without being concerned about how they look. There are a number of people who feel conscious about the way they look and are diffident, for them, applications like WhatsApp, WeChat, Hike etc provide a platform to interact and make friends without feeling uneasy about their looks.
Hence, clearly, technology has provided better opportunities to interact with other humans.

While opposition may say that with technology has decreased as human interaction by making people engage less with their own family members. This is negated by the fact that technology helps them interact them with way more than people than they actually can in reality.
Hence, it is afe to conclude that increasing use of technology significantly reduces our opportunities for human interaction.
