Fossil evidence indicates that the blompus—an extremely large, carnivorous land mammal—inhabited the
continent of Pentagoria for tens of thousands of years until its sudden decline and ultimate extinction
about twelve thousand years ago. Scientists have determined that the extinction coincided with a period of
significant climate change and with the arrival of the first humans. Some scholars theorize that the climate
change so altered the distribution of plants and animals in the environment that the food chain upon which
the blompus depended was irretrievably disrupted. Others contend that predation by humans is the more
plausible explanation for the rapid population decline.

The author mentions that an extremely large, carnivorous animal blompus's population suddenly declined and ultimaltely became extinct about twelve thousand years ago. THe author highlights two possible reasons given by scholars for it's extinction: climate change and predation by humans. While the argument may appear true, but it is rife with holes and assumptions. Hence, in order to make a solid conclusion, more evidence is required.
First of all, the author mentions about the scholars who attribute climate change for altering the distribution of plants and animals in the continent of Pentagoria. The scholars conclude that this alteration in distribution of plants and animals disrupted blompus's food chain and lead to it's extinction. However, there is no evidence provided by the author about distribution of plants and animals in the region. Also, if distribution happened, was blompus the only specie to become extinct? If distribution happened, there may be many other species who would have became extinct. Also, if population of different plants changed, why did blompus not migrate to other regions where food was available? Also, how did other species cope up with this situation?If they could cope up, why coudn't blompus? Additionally, there is no information about how severe was the climate change and how it impacted blompus. Without clear statistical data, it is not possible to support the conclusion given by the scholars. Inorder to strengthen their conclusion, the scholars should provide answers to the above questions.
Secondly, author mentions that some scholars predicted that the extinction of blompus was due to predation by humans.However, there is not sufficient information to support this. What if the humans at that time preferred only vegetarian food? Also, there is no reason given by the scholars about why humans would prefer to predate on blompus and not on other animals? It is possible that humans may use blompus for monetory gains. However, it is also possible that humans at that time were animal friendly and it was some other reason that lead to the extinction of the animal.
Lastly, it is possible that explanations given by both group of scholars is incorrect. There is a possibility that there was some other factor that lead to extinction of blompus. For example, blompus population was affected by a serious disease. And since at that time, there were no hospitals or qualified doctors, the population of Blompus soon vanished. Also, it is possible that blompus specie could not evolve to overcome the prevailling disease and hence soon became extinct. There is also a possibility that an another larger specie was present in the region. This larger specie fed on blompus and as the population of the larger specie flourished, it lead to a decline of the blompus population. Also, what if the vegtation in the region was poisnous and blompus died due to consuming the naminals that fed on poisnous plants? Therefore, in order to find out the exact reason for the extinction of blompus, it crucial to gather information regarding the demographics of the continent and population of different animals inhibiting the area.What kind of plants were growing in the regions? Was there any disease prevelant in the area at that time? Which other animals were present in the region?
After analyisng all the different angles of the argument, it is safe to conclude that more information and evidences are required to determine the actual reason for the extinction of blompus population
