“Although innovations such as video, computers, and the Internet seem to offer schools improved methods for instructing students, these technologies all too often distract from real learning.” (this ones a hybrid with the education “bucket”–cool!)

This topic raises a controversial issue whether use of technology in schools, distracts from real learning or not. I generally disagree that technology in school does not distract students from real learning and hence, would argue that use of technology distracts students from the real learning.

First of all, the use of internet exposes student to a plethora of information. For, example a student is studying about Industrial Revolution and if he/she searches about industrial revolution on the internet, there will be great amount of information available to him in a matter of seconds. Howverer, not all information on the internet is authentic. Hence, a student may end up reading things which are not only important for his course and some of this maybe incorrect as well. So, clearly, exposure to internet for students, can distract from real learning. 


Secondly, the use of internet can decrease the efficiancy of a student. For example, a student is working on his homework online. In this process, he is constantly distracted by advertisements. Also, he is distracted by his urge to go on social networking websites like Facebook, Twitter ,Instagram and to play games online. Hence, this way, a student may end up spending way more time on a small assignment than he is required to. So, this explains that exposure to internet can distract students.

Thirldy, technology may appear to capture the interest of the students in class. Howverer, this interest in technology is a sacrifice of interest in the subject being taught. Sometimes, students spend more time in learning computer than actually learning the subject. Hence, this way technology acts as a distraction.   

Additionally, technology may require students and teachers to undergo training for using technology. This step makes the process of using technology cumbersome and can act as distraction from the main toppic of study. For example,..Hence, this way, a student may end up spending way more time on a small assignment than he is required to. So, this explains that exposure to internet can distract students.


While the opposition may say that it speeds up feedback, allows timid students to participate and computer is a life skill. This is negated by the fact that student learning which is the main purpose of education is hampered. Therefore, it is safe to conclude that use of technology distracts students from the real learning. 
