Students should always question what they are taught instead of accepting passively.

Students and teachers are an integral part of any educational institution. Learning occurs by a fruitful interaction between them. A teacher has a responsibility to teach the students, explain them the concepts while the students have the responsibilty to understand and imbibe the concepts. Any discepency in this relationship hampers the learning of the students. And asking question is intrinsic for ensuring proper understanding of any concept. Therefore, I stand with the people who completely agree with the topic that students should always question what they are taught instead of accepting passively.
First of all, asking questions improves the understanding of a concept. So, if a teacher tells a definitions of any term and a student does not ask questions pertaining to it's application, there is a high probability that he has not completely understood it. Consider, Sam. He is student at sixth grade of high school. In science class, his teacher introduces the term velocity. SHe defines velocity as the speed in any particular direction and writes it's formula. However, this definition is still very abstract. If students do not question, they might not understand it's application. How is the direction defined? What is the frame of reference used for calcultaion the direction? Is velocity a scalar or vector quantity? If studemnts do not ask the above mentioned questions, they might not be able to use velocity in questions or in real senarios. THey will not be able to differentiate it from speed, nor will they be able to calculate it accurately. THerefore, inorder, to improve understanding of any concept it is important to ask questions. Also, in another example, a teacher teaches students about the Tsunamis that attacked the INdian coast in 2003. Some students may just take it as a fact and not question it. However, some students may be intrigued by it and may ask questions like: Why did Tsunami happen? How could it be avoided? What did government do to help people? Were there any warning given my meterological department before Tsunmai? THese questions may further lead to concepts of disaster management and other geographical concepts. IN this way, asking one question can open doors to other topics and in turn enhance one's knowledge and understanding. Conversely, a student who does not ask question may remain unaware about disaster management, role of government, meteological deparment and other useful information. While opposition may argue that not all questions are important and questions sometime cause delay in progress of the class. However, this can be negated by the fact that every question, no matter how trivial, should to be addressed. A question helps in clarifying doubts and improves understanding, and therefore answering questions is more important that pacing away with the course with superficial understanding.
Additionally, asking questions is crucial for bringing change in the society.Debates and questions sre responsible for bringing about new laws in the society. In many democratic countries, before any rule is passed, it is questioned and debated in the Parliament by the represenatives of the people. These questions and debates, point out the flaws in the law and propose changes. THerefore, it is clear that asking questions can help bring a positive change in the society. Therefore in the light of the above evidences, it is pragmatic to conclude that students should ask questions insteadof accepting passively.

