Educators should teach facts only after their students have studied the ideas, trends, and concepts that help explain those facts.

THe education system of any country plays a very important role in shaping the future citizens of a country. THe students, educators and curriculaum together contribute to the cause of educating the students. If one of them neglects, the learning of student gets affected. HOwever, the method of teaching varies depending on student's aptitude or the subject of teaching. For example, for some courses it may be pertinent to give a context first so as to make students understand the 'why'. However, for some cases it may require the educators to first teach the facts to the students followed by ideas and trends. Therefore, I do not agree that educators should teach facts only after their students have studied the ideas, trends and concepts that explain those facts. And instead, the method of teaching should depend on the students that are being taught.
First of all, the goal of teaching is to make students understand concepts. THerefore, the way of teaching chosen should be such that it makes student comfortable and helps him/her learn better. Teachers should select the method based on aptitude of studenst. For example, if students are smart. Then teacher can consider starting with the ideas and trends, so that students can themselves extract the fact and concept. Let's say the teacher is teaching a economics to students. So she may first start by giving an example of a market, show the number of consumers and producers. She then moves on to show the variation in the number of consumers and producers and explains reasons for it. After the explanation, the students start concluding that consumers and producers follow an inverse relationship. And teacher, towards the end may assert it as a fact to students. In this senario the students were smart enough to follow and analyse the points presented by the teacher. However, this stratergy may not work for the students are in primary class. THe students of primary class may be shy or may not enough knowledge to undeerstand and analyse data. Hence, the teacher may be required to take a different path. She may prefer to introduce the fact first as it will help the students to focus and then proceed by further explaining the ideas and reasons for the fact.So, teaching the same concept of economics, she may prefer to first state the fact that in any market, the consumers is inversely proprtional to the number of producers. And later, she may cite an example of market and substantiate the fact with numeric data.THerefore, the above examples portray how the method of teaching should depend on the students who are being taught.
While the opposition may argue that teaching facts first helps student to stay focused on the topic.THis may be true for some cases, but it may sometime prove to be jaded. Teaching the ideas, trends and concepts first gives the student a context and helps them figure out the "Why?", "HOw?" more effectively. It helps them understand the actual reason and need for the fact.Therefore, in the light of the above examples, it is safe to conclude that educators should not teach facts only after  their students have completely understood the ideas, trends and concepts that explain those facts, instead they may teach them facts before or after depending on the students' intellectual level.  
