To understand the most important characteristics of a society, one must study its major cities.
A society is formed by the people who live in it. Different characteristics of a society may include, but not limited to, cultural practices, occupation of people, condition of women , economy of the society and so on. While major cities mostly contain urban populations, it is the rural areas which can give a better glimpse of the cultural and traditional aspects of the society. Hence, the city to be studied should depend on the characteristic/objective of the study and hence, I do not agree that one must study the major cities to understnad the important characteristics of a society.
Any major city is usually more developed than other cities in terms of facilities and job opportunitites. Consider Delhi, which is the capital of India. It consists of urban and sophisticated population. THere many multinational companies in the city and as a result, people from all around India come here to work. As a result, Delhi has no culture of it's own. It's original culture from the time of Mughal period, has evolved so much that it's original and pure characteristics are no longer discernible. Hence, in such a senario, studing Delhi city for mughal characteristics will not be very fruitful. However, if one has to study about the progress made by INdia, in terms of technology and infrastructure, cities like Delhi, Mumbai and Bangalore may be a good option. 
A rural city, is not fully developed and is still in it's pure form. One can still discern cultural practices that have been passed down from generations. In the times, when banks were not available, women in the village would form groups called the Self Help Groups. All members of the group would deposit a small amount of money every month in the group, this money would be used by woem to start a business. Women would use this money to start small businesses like making pickles, butter etc. The women earned from the business was used to give money to people in need. A few villages, even today have these Self Help Groups. Also, unlike the modern cities, where technology has penerated in the society, in rural villages, most people don't have access to computers, laptops and televisions. People in these areas, still depend on village fairs and skits on religious texts for entertainment. Consequently, children in these areas do not have access to world class education unlike the kids in the urban areas. Rather, very few children go to school and most of start working at shops/factories at an early age of 10-12 years. Also, during festivals, people still sing folk songs and perfoem folk dances. These folk songs/dances have been passed on from generations.In big metropolitan cities, people are too busy and mostly, unorthodox. However, people in some villages still follow the orthodox beliefs. These cultural elements portray the important characteristics of our society. Therefore, it is crucial to study the no major cities and rural areas to observe most impotant characteristics of a society.

