Studying foodways—what foods people eat and how they produce, acquire, prepare, and consume them—is
the best way to gain deep understanding of a culture.

Food is an integral part of any living organism, be it human or animals.Everyone needs food to function properly. Also, there are food recipies carried on from on generation to another. A mother teaches her daughter how to cook, in this process, recipies are passed on from one greneration to another. In the process of teaching, mother tells her children the stories behind each ingredient used and it's significance. Some components like Tulsi leaves have healing power and protect children from catching cold or fever. A part of this tradition can be seen even today as people in India, add Tulsi leaves to tea during winters to ameliorate their immunity against pathogens. Therefore, clearly studying food ways is a way to gain an insight to a culture, however, I do not agree that it is the best way of understanding a culture.
First of all, a culture is a melange of different components. If a study focuses soley on one component, other components may be neglected and may preclude one from complete understanding of a culture. One such component may be entertainment. Entertainment involves folk songs , traditional dance forms and skits based on religious texts. When internet and technology had not become ubiqitiuos, people would gather in the evening to sing songs, participate in plays and even perform folk dances.These were the only means of entertainment at that time. These are integral any culture. The language used in the play, the songs sung in local dialect convey alot about people at that time and their emotions. These folk songs and dances are still discernible in areas where technology has not yet penerated or in the rural areas of a country. As for cities, people who have migrated from rural areas carry these traditions with them, but peform them only on occasions like weddings. Therefore, if one restricts their study of culture to only foodways, they may not develop a complete understanding of a culture.  
Additionally, another component of the culture lies in paintings. Consider Madhubani paintings famous in Uttar Pradesh in India. THese paintings have a peculiar style where colors from natural sources are used. In ancient times, these paintings were used to depict God and kings living in the region. These paintings convey a lot of information about rituals and cultural practices of old times. Therefore, a study of Indian culture without analysing Madhubani paintings will be incomplete. Another example, will be Ajanta Caves in Mumbai. These paintings are believed to be created by primitive humans. Their paintings depict their daily life chores and the deity they worship. Inorder to paint, they obtained colors from natural sources like using green color from leaves, red color from blood and so on. These painting contain important information about are ancient culture and help us develop a better understanding of how our culture has eveolved over ages. Similarly, a study of culture would be incomplete without the study of historic monuments and ancient manuscripts. While monuments provide an insight to the kind of house they lived in and highlights the distinct features of architecture of a particular period. Manuscripts and texts reveal the thinking of the people who lived at that time and reveals the reasoning behind those rituals. Therefore, soley focusing one's attention on foodways will prevent on from understanding of the above aspects of culture. COnsequently, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that studying foodways—what foods people eat and how they produce, acquire, prepare, and consume them—is not the best way to gain deep understanding of a culture. 
