Behavior of an individual is an integral part of who he/she is and how people around them percieve them. A person not behaving properly on the streets, drinking alcohol or using offensive language, will naturally drive good people away from him. People will percieve him as bad and inquitious. However, most of the times, the behavior of an individual is detemined by forces which are out of his/her control and hence I agree with the topic. 
First of all, a lot of situations which are not in our control like natura disasters, accidents or loss of some near one transform us as person. WE become sad, depressed and bereaved. THese events makes one bitter and behave in manner different from how he/she would have if the calamity would not have occurred. Consider, Sam. He lived with his parents in California. He wanted to go to law school to become a lawyer. BUt once day, he lost his parents in a road accident. Now, he and his sister are left in the house, he has to earn a living. So, he dropped the idea of going to college and instead started looking for a job to support himself and his sister. In another example, Neha lost her husband to cancer. After battling for 2 years, her husband lost his life. The past two years were emotionally as well finiacially, very consuming for her. Together, they had planned to buy a house and travel the world. They also lived a healty lifestyle. Before, cancer, both of them lived a happy life and Neha was optimistic. HOwvere, this experience has made her weak, bellicose and pugnacious. SHe keeps to herself and gets angry over anyone who tries to help her. So, here her behavior is determined by situtaions which were completely out of her control and it was certainly not created by her. She could by no means prevent cancer nor could she save her husband. THese examples portray how a person's behavior depends on the circumstances and situations that are beyond their control and are not created by them.
Additionally, individuals always try to take the best possible path at a given situation. THis is taught to people since very beginning. A person is mostly, never taught to steal or rob. But cicumstances around them compel them to do so. Similarly, one is never inclined to drink heavily , but sometimes circumstances arise that make one gloomy and depressed. In such a scenario, the real world gives pain to the individual and they prefer to stay happy under the influence of alcohol. Clearly, individuals are shaped by circumstances beyond their control and these circumstances are not of their own making. Every student in a class is given the same didactic lessons: behave properly, do not steal, do not hurt others, do not curse, stay honest and so on. Yet, some people get into stealing and other mal practices. Here, the opposition may argue that people do wrong things and create situations that leads them to doing wrong deeds. However, this can be negated by the fact in majority of cases, it is the circumstances like natural disasters, depression and accidents lead them to behave in their current way. THese circumstances cannot be controlled by them. Consider, John, he was sexually assaulted as a child. Whatever happened to him was not his fault and it was not due to his wrong doing. Yet, today he behaves in an aggressive manner, driving people away from him. Surely, he did not want to be like this nor could he control whatever happened in his childhood. However, his behavior is extremely affected by that incident. Clearly, in the light of the above evidences, it is safe to conclude that people's behavior is determined by forces not of their own making.  

