Teachers' salaries should be based on their students' academic performance.

Teachers and students are an instrinic part of any academic institution. Teachers play a role of teaching students, explaining them different concepts and clearing their doubts. However, it is responsiblilty of the student to study, revise and practice whatever being taught in the class. If a student does not follow these steps, his academic performance will not improve even when teacher is doing a wonderful job. THerefore, I do not agree with the topic that teachers' salaries should be based on their students' academic performance. The salayr should be based on a number of factors and not soley on the students' academic performance.
First of all, each student is different. Some students may be intrigued by mathematics, others may find it arduous and may prefer other subjects over it. Therefore, in such a situation, even if a Mathematic teacher has profound knowledge in his course and is able to teach well. The students who dislike mathematics and are lazy to put in the hardwork required by the course are not likely to do well. So, here penalzing a teacher by paying him less for his job, just because student did not work hard is not justified. Also, a teacher may has a family, and children who are dependent on him. Hence, the step of deciding salary based on student's marks or performance can make the salary of a teacher highly erratic. This may in turn, cause people to choose other profession over teaching and in long run, may even lead to shortage of  teachers in the country.
Additionally, paying teachers based on acadamic performance can have a negative impact on the educational institutions. For example, if teachers' salaries were based on students' marks in exams, then teachers may be tempted to give grace marks to students. This will hamper the very purpose of educational institutes as learning of students will be affected. A student may not deserve an A grade, however inorder to earn more money, a teacher may give the student an A grade. So, here, the student and parent may develop a false impression that the student is doing extremely well in the course. And in the long run, it may damage the career of the student. Therefore, it is not justified to decide the salary of teachers' based on the academic performance of the students.
While opposition may argue that deciding salary based on students' performance can help keep a check on teachers.THis will motivate them to teach extremely well. This can be negated by the fact that a student's performance is dependent more on student. A top scorer of the class and the student who scores are the least in the class, are both taught by the same teachers, yet their is a difference in the academic performance. THis is because the topper may have put in extra effort, practiced concepts regularly and even approached teacher with doubts. The lowest scorer, on the other hand, may have not practiced the concepts or maybe was unwell. THerefore, evaluating a teacher's performance soley based on student's result is not a pragmatic approach.
