Claim: Governments must ensure that their major cities receive the financial support they need in order to thrive.

Reason: It is primarily in cities that a nation's cultural traditions are preserved and generated.

The major cities of a country have undergone drastic development. The contain urban and sophisticated population. Also, these cities have developped more than other cities of the country.As a result, people from different cities come to these major cities in search of employment and better educational, health facilities. Comsequemtly, these cities have evolved greatly from what they were about 50 years back. They are no longer in their pure form. Therefore, even though I think that governemnt should ensure that their major cities recieve the finiancial support, but I do not agree with the reason presented in the topic. I do not agree the cultural traditionals are preserved and generated primarly in the major cities of that nation.
First of all, the major cities have evolved over the years and have lot of immigrants from the nearby areas. As a result, the orginal culture of the city is not discernible. Infact the culture in major cities is a fusion of the cultures of it's inhabitants.Consider Delhi in India, it is a major city of the country, which is home to many multinational companies, government officies and prominent education insitutes.However, the signs of it's original culture, that goes back to the period of mughal dynasty or say year old practice of original inhabitants of Delhi are no longer visible.The population is mostly urban and sophisticated. Therefore, Delhi will serve as a great option if someone wants to study development and economics of the nation but, not an apposite option for studying culture.
The rural areas, on the other hand, have not undergone so much development and are mostly in pure form.People in these areas still continue practices passed on over generations. Even, technology and internet has not penerated into the lives of the people. Instead, people still depend on the folk tales, skits on religious text and folk dances for recreation or entertainment.These folk songs and dances have been passed down from generations and people here cherish it. Also, festivals here are celebrated for weeks and months, unlike major cities where, people do not have time to celebrate festivals with the same zeal. For example, in Vrindavan, a place 300 km from Delhi, people celebrate Holi for one month. Holi is a festival of colors. In Vrindavan, this festival stretches over one month, where everyday people sing songs for Lord Krishna and play Holi in temples. In cities, the festival lasts just for a day.   
