The topic presents a controverstial issue of whether the best way to teach is to praise the positives actions and ignore the negative ones. While, I generally disagree that the best way to teach is to praise the positive and neglect the negatives, hence argue that it is not the ideal way of teaching. Rather, it is important to highlight the negative actions to help the other person realise their mistakes and improve upon them.
First of all, the very fundamental of teaching a person is to help him/her improve. If, the negatives of a particular action done by a person is not pointed out, he will develop a false impression that he is perfect. This will preclude him from learning from his mistakes and improving himself. For example, Rohan is practicing for a debate infront of his English teacher. He uses good expressions in his debate but makes a few pronunciation mistakes. If the teacher does not point out these mistakes to Rohan, he will assume that his speech is perfect and might end up making the same mistake on the day of the competition. Also, it has been observed that people at high position prefer to be surrounded by critical people instead of sycophants. This is because a constant feedback, helps them improve themselves. In history, as well, kings were known to be surrounded by people who were honest and critical. Therefore, inorder to improve, it is very improtant to learn from one's mistakes.
Secondly, it is considered that pointing out the negatives can help enhance a society. In today's world, media plays an important role in highlighting the negative actions of different people and also possible negative outcomes of a particular policy. This has helped government to improve their policies. Clearly, this shows that more learning has come by pointing out the negatives than positives and this process also brought about a positive change in the society.
Additionally, one can allow some trivial mistakes. For example, in an exam, Neha approaches a Math question correctly. However, in the process of adding two numbers, she forgot to put simple negative sign before her answer. However, her approach and procedure of solving the question was correct. So, here she should be penalized but not by a huge mark and her trivial mistake can be ignored. In this way, not fully ignoring her mistake, can be encouraging. This will highlight her mistake and at the same time, not demotivate her by giving her very low marks.   
While the opposition may argue that negative feedback can demotivate an individual. This can be negated by the fact that it may be disheartening for some initially, but this negative feedback will be beneficial for them in the long run. Hence, it is more reasonable and pragmatic to prasie the positive as well consider the negatives while teaching.
