The author concludes that reducing the limit on number of mopedds rented, by each of Balamer island's six companies, will help bring down the number of accidents between pedestrian and mopeds during summer months. Though, this proposal may appear to be true but this argument is rife with assumptions and holes and thus, not a strong enough plan to be implemented in Balamer.

First of all, the author assumes that since the proposal worked for Torseau, it will work Balamer as well. However, the author does not provide sufficient information to conclude that both islands are similar and comparable. There is a possibility that maybe the population in Torseau during summer month is not as large as Balamer, and hence the plan worked. Also, people in TRuseau were obedient and did not purshase mopeds when renting limit was reduced. These factors undermine the author's conclusion that plan will work in Balamer. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide more information on similarity between the two isalnds.

Secondly, author assumes that the reason fr decrease in accidents in Truseau was the limit enforced by the government. HOwvere, they may be a possibility, that people of Trudeau developped interest for a bike. So, people started using bikes and hence accidents between mopeds and pedestrian decreased. These factors undermine the author's conclusion that plan will work in Balamer. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide details about the reason for why the plan worked for Trudeau. 

Thirdly, the author mentions that accidents in Trudeasu decreased by 50% after enforcing the limit on renting. However, the author does not mention the initial accident figures in TRuseau. It is possible, that there were as many as 100 accidents recorded before enforcing the rental limit and it reduced to just 50 accidents after implementation. But, reverse is also possible, if there were initially as few as 10 accidents and implemting the law brought down the accidents to just 5. This undermines the author's view that the plan worked for Truseau.Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should provide details about the accident figures in both the islands during the summer months and how the figure changed for TRudeau after implenting the law.

Examining all the different angles and factors involving the proposal, the argument just not justify the conclusion that reducing the limit on number of mopedds rented, by each of Balamer island's six companies, will help bring down the number of accidents between pedestrian and mopeds during summer months. 
