The author concludes that all teachers in high school should assign homework not more than twice in a week. While this may sound true, but this argument is rife with holes and assumptions and thus not strong enough to implemented in the high schools of state Attra. 

First of all, the author assumes that less frequent homeworks to resulted in better performance of students in Marley district. Howveer, the is a possibility that the students were more intelligent in Marley and hence performed better even with less practice. Also, it is possible that the exams in Marley were easier than the exams in Sanlee district and hence contributed to better performance of the students. There may be a case that students in Marley devote more time to study at home even when no homework is given. These facts underlies the conclusion that less frequent homework will result in better performance of students. Inorder to stengthen the argument, author should provide more details about the intelligence level of students in the two districts and difficultly level of the exams.

Additionaly, even if less frequent homework worked for Marley, the author assumes that it will work for the entire state. But, we don't know if the students in other states are as intelligent as the high school students in Marley. Also, we have no information about the level of examination or other how much time does a student devote on study at home. Hence, this weakens the author's conclusion of assigning homework less than twice in a week for the entire state. So, to make the argument stronger, the author should reason out the similarities between Marley and otther students in different districts of Attra.

Thirdly, the survey mentioned by the author includes only Math and Science teachers of high school of 2 districts, but author mentions that Marley's students obtain overall better grade. So, here author assumes that less frequent homeworks in Math and Science have contributed to overall better grade. However, there is a possibility that due to less homework, the students in Marley performed poorly in Math and SCience but performed very well in other subjects which resulted in an overall better performance. So, this undermines the author's conclusion of giving less frequent homeworks. So, to make the argument stronger, the author should provide a link between Math, Science and other subjects taught at high schools and provide more information   on how the overall scores are calculated.

Lastly, the author assumes that grade is the only criteria for repeating a year in high school. HOwever, there is a possibility, that a storm occurs in Marley district and the school remains close for entire year, in this case all students will have to repeat a year. Also, if a student falls in ill and is unable to attend school, he might have to repeat a year.

Examining all the various different angles and factors involved the proposal of less frequent homeworks given to high school students, the argument does not justify that all teachers in high school should assign homework not more than twice in a week.While the proposal highlights a possibilty, more information is required to warrant any action.
