Question
A ten year study concluded on 552 men in small town of Elysia, revealed drinking 3 cups of caffeinated black tea a day or more is successful in reducing the possibilty of a stroke by 70% among those who did not drink tea at all. THerefore, it can be concluded that health concsious people should drink atleast 3 cups of caffeinated black tea daily, begining early in life.


The author concludes that healthy people should consume atleast three cups of caffeinated black tea daily, begining early in life. While, this may appear to be true, the argument is rife with holes and assumptions and thus, not strong enough to convince daily usage of atleast three cups of caffeinated tea daily.
First of all, the author mentions a survey conducted on 552 men in Elysia and uses the result revealed on this sample. The author assumes that what worked for the 552 people in Eysia will work for everyone else. It may be possible that people in Elysia have the ability to consume alot of caffeinated tea but, this may not be true to people in other parts of the world who do not consume caffeine or are allergic to caffeine. Hence, the author should provide more information on how Elysia is similar to other parts of the world.
Also, author provides no information about the people of Elysia, on whom the survey was conducted, reagrding their age, health condition and their habits. There is a possiblilty that these people consumed another substance or did some exercise along with caffeinated tea, and it was this substance that caused a decrease in possiblity of stroke. This underlies the conclusion that health conscious people should consume atleast 3 cups of acffeinated tea. So, to strengthen the argument, the author should answer questions like how the suvey was conducted, how healithy were the people participating in the survey.
Additionally, the author mentions that consuming atleast 3 cups of caffeinated tea reduced the possiblilty of stroke by 70%. The author does not provide any information what was the initial possibility of stroke in the people. Let's say if the initial possibilty of stroke in a person was 100 and reducing it by 70% may sound convincing. But, if the initial was already as low as 10, in that case, we don't know that reducing it by 70% should be feasible or will it make one more prone to stroke. This lack of information underlies the conclusion of daily consumtion of atleast 3 cups of caffeinated tea reduces chances of a stroke by 70%. To strengthen the argument, the author should provide more details on what is the possibilty of stroke in a normal individual and what was the possibilty of stroke in 552 men of Eysia on whom the survey was conducted.
Thirdly, the author concludes that an individual should consume atleast three cups. There is no information about the upper limit of consumtion. For, example, it may be tempting for people to drink as many as 10 cups of tea daily to completely diminsh the chances of stroke. But, this may have servere effects on the health of the people and may even lead to caffeine addiction. So, this lack of upper limit provided by the author underlies the author's conclusion. Inorder, to strengthen the argument, the author should provide information about the maximum limit of consumtion allowed for an individual.
The author further assumes that all health conscious people are interested in reducing the possibility of stroke. While it might be true for some people, but not for everyone. People may be health conscious to reduce the possibilty of other heath problems like obesity, diabetes etc. Hence, drinking more than 3 cups of caffeinated drink will not be useful for some health conscious people and undermines the author's conclusion. Inorder to strengthen the argument, the author should provide a connection between all health conscious people and people inclined towards reducing the possibilty of health stroke.
Lastly, author mentions that health conscious people should start drinking caffeinated tea early in life. However, author does not provide any reason for beginning early. There is no information about how starting early would impact on reducing the possibilty of the stroke. The author does not define "how early", whether it is as early as a childhood or after a fixed certain age. Since, human body requires different nutrients at different age, it is important to provide the beginning age. Hence,there is a possibility that begining at an age of 30 years will not produce the intended desired effect of the tea but 25 years may result in reduction of stroke possibilty. So, the author can strengthen the argument by clearly explaining "early in life". 
Examining all the different angles and factors involved with reducing the possibilty of a stroke, the argument does not justify the conclusion that health conscious people should drink atleast 3 cups of caffeinated black tea daily, begining early in life. While the proposal does highlight a possibilty, more information is required to persuade health conscious people to drink atleast 3 cups of caffeinated tea.
