The author concludes that placing ads in Exotic Oets Monthly will reverse their trend of declining sales and help them make profit. While, this may appear convincing but the argument is rife with holes and assumptions and thus, not strong enough to be implemented.

First of all, the author assumes that the plan of placing ad in Exotic Pets Monthly worked for the Fish Emproium store, it will work Top Dog Pet Stores as well. Though, it is may be possible, we do not have suuficient information to. It is possible that people in GUlf City were became interested in buying fish after seeing the ad, but this may not be the case for the dog. These facts undelies that author's conclusion that the proposal of adversiting in Exotic Pets Monthly will increase the sale. Inorder to strengthen the argument, author should draw out the similarity between Fish Emporium and Top Dog Pet Stores.  
Secondly, author mentions that sales of Fish Emporium increased due the ad placed in Exotic Pets Monthly. However, these is a possibility that it was actually due to good quality of products in Fish Emproium, or due to a flash sale or maybe due to adverstisment in some other magzine. These facts undelies that author's conclusion that the proposal of adversiting in Exotic Pets Monthly will increase the sale. Inorder, to strengthen the argument, author provide more information about why and how the ad imagzine led to an increase in sale of Fish Emporium.
Additionally,the author mentions that after the ad in Exotic Pets Monthly, the sales of Fish Emporium increased by 15%. The author does not mention the initial sale values. So, it is a possibility, that the sales pricess were already as low as 100 and this increased to 115. And, this would mean that there is very less increase in sales and ad is the magzine did not contribute alot to the sale. THis fact weaken the author's conculsion.Hence, to strengthen the argument, author provide more information about initial figures of the sales of the two stores and also provide the sale figures for Fish Emporium after the ad in imagzine.

Examining all the different angles and factors involved in the proposal, the argument does not justify that placing ads in Exotic Oets Monthly will reverse their trend of declining sales and help them make profit. While the proposal does higlight a possiblilty but more information is required to warrant any action.
