“We can learn more from conflicts than we can from agreements.”

Although agreements have value, the juxtaposition of different ideas in a conflict inevitably leads to more significant progress and evolution. [THESIS] What scientific progress would we have, for example, if it weren’t for intellectual debate? None—intellectual debate leads to scientific progress. [EXAMPLE 1] The reformation of outdated political ideas and concepts is also marked by struggle. [EXAMPLE 2] Finally, in the words of Friedrich Nietzsche, “What doesn’t kill us makes us stronger.” This quotation captures the sentiment that personal growth arises from conflict. [EXAMPLE 3]
First, historically, scientific progress has been inspired by conflicts of ideas. [TOPIC SENTENCE FOR EXAMPLE 1] In the sixteenth century, for example, a great debate arose because Copernicus vehemently challenged the notion that the earth is the center of the solar system. Although he paid a price both socially and politically for this remonstration, Copernicus disabused a long-held belief, much to the chagrin of the Catholic Church and other astronomers of his day. Because of this conflict, humankind eventually gained a new understanding of astronomy. [THREE SENTENCES THAT DEVELOP & SUPPORT EXAMPLE 1]
Second, sociohistorical evolution rarely comes about without turmoil and unrest. [TOPIC SENTENCE FOR EXAMPLE 2] For example, prior to the 1860s in the United States, it was legally acceptable to enslave other human beings and to view them as “property” with few rights. This view led several states to secede from the Union, which, in turn, led to the Civil War, a violent conflict that threatened to destroy the nation. After the war, though, slavery was abolished, and the Fourteenth Amendment to the Constitution essentially made discrimination on the basis of race illegal. As a result, the United States grew stronger as a nation. To advance takes constant questioning of the status quo. [FIVE SENTENCES THAT DEVELOP & SUPPORT EXAMPLE 2]
Third, conflict can lead to personal growth. [TOPIC SENTENCE FOR EXAMPLE 3] Adversity helps make us stronger. People who have not known some type of conflict or difficulty tend to be immature and spoiled. Americans so believe this sentiment about adversity that they have institutionalized it as an oft-repeated saying: If at first you don’t succeed, try, try again. This saying emphasizes the way overcoming difficulty helps us grow as individuals: Each time we fail, we must pick ourselves up and try again. We shouldn’t expect life to be easy. Sometimes the value of struggle is in the struggle, meaning that such conflicts, whether internal or external, give us perspective and insight. [SIX SENTENCES THAT DEVELOP & SUPPORT EXAMPLE 3]
Clearly, conflict has been responsible for several upward surges of humankind in diverse respects. In the areas of science, history, and individual character, progress requires struggle. [RECAPS THESIS] Rather than avoiding conflict at all costs, we should accept conflict as a necessary—and beneficial—part of the human condition, whether the conflicts arise among scholars or states. [EXPANDS THE POSITION] Conflict permits true transformation and growth. 
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Colleges and universities should require their students to spend at least one semester studying in a foreign country.

　　Write a response in which you discuss the extent to which you agree or disagree with the recommendation and explain your reasoning for the position you take. In developing and supporting your position, describe specific circumstances in which adopting the recommendation would or would not be advantageous and explain how these examples shape your position.

It has become a trend for college and university students to spend at least one semester studying in a foreign country when they are in school. Seeing the many benefits students can get from such experiences, I think schools should encourage most of them to study in a foreign country for a period of time, but not require everyone to do so.
Admittedly, spending a few months in a foreign university would provide students an opportunity to work in a culturally and intellectually different setting from the one in their home country. Staying away from home would prepare students to survive independently and also learn to adjust in this rapidly shifting world. For example, students would require to take crucial decisions as well as do your personal work yourself, which is otherwise neglected and left on to the parents when one stays at home. Furthermore, in a foreign university students could avail better research faclities and opportunities that would not have been possible in there home institution. For example, in Germany, a student could be provided with world-class infrastructure and work with the best researchers in automobile industry, which is not possible in India. One must admit as well that a broad outlook and tolerance is imbued by witnessing the rich culture, diversity and exchanging ideas from people with different civilizations and backgrounds. Appreciation of foreign language and life-style would be pivotal in understanding that there is a common thread that binds all mankind.
So even though the claim is well-intentioned, considering both the advantages and disadvantages, I think it is more reasonable and more pragmatic for colleges and universities to encourage their students to spend at least one semester studying in a foreign country rather than require them to do so.
Although I believe that university students would benefit from spending some time studying in a foreign country, the policy should be implemented effectively and the students should be given a choice whether they wish to avail this opportunity. In my opinion, a flexible scheme if brought into action would not only foster stronger relations between countries but also work in the favour of research and thus benefit mankind in the long run.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"The increasingly rapid pace of life today causes more problems than it solves."
First of all, new technologies and tools make people move faster and faster. In order to adapt to the increasingly rapid pace of life, most people use cars as their primary tool to commute. Nowadays, people take driving for granted. Since people spend more time in their cars, they barely get chances to walk. How often does a typical American walk? From parking lot to buildings, and from one building to another? And how often do we exercise? We do not need to make special plans to work out in gyms; instead, we can just slow down, and walk to some nearby places if it does not take too long. That is a good exercise. 

Secondly, in order to save more time, the increasingly rapid pace of life also gives birth to fast food. We can find fast food restaurants everywhere in the US, and they attract us to stop by. Now, a typical American spends significantly less time on their meals, because these fast foods save a lot of time for us. However, they also bring about problems such as obesity and malnutrition, because most of these fast foods contain a lot of calories but barely any nutrition. We might save some time for work, but these fast foods bring about health problems as well.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------



